neutral	1	The technician told the customer that they could pay with cash.	The technician
neutral	1	The technician told someone that they could pay with cash.	The technician
neutral	4	The technician told the customer that they had completed the repair.	the customer
neutral	3	The technician told someone that they had completed the repair.	someone
neutral	5	The taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing their taxes.	the accountant
neutral	4	Someone met with the accountant to get help filing their taxes.	the accountant
neutral	1	The taxpayer met with the accountant to find out if they could help with tax preparation.	The taxpayer
neutral	0	Someone met with the accountant to find out if they could help with tax preparation.	Someone
neutral	1	The supervisor gave the employee feedback on their stellar performance.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The supervisor gave someone feedback on their stellar performance.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The employee gave the supervisor feedback on their managing style.	The employee
neutral	0	Someone gave the supervisor feedback on their managing style.	Someone
neutral	4	The engineer informed the client that they would need more time to complete the project.	the client
neutral	3	The engineer informed someone that they would need more time to complete the project.	someone
neutral	1	The engineer informed the client that they would need to make all future payments on time.	The engineer
neutral	1	The engineer informed someone that they would need to make all future payments on time.	The engineer
neutral	1	The worker told the pedestrian that they should avoid the closed portion of the street.	The worker
neutral	1	The worker told someone that they should avoid the closed portion of the street.	The worker
neutral	4	The worker told the pedestrian that they were repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.	the pedestrian
neutral	3	The worker told someone that they were repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.	someone
neutral	1	The educator was meeting with a student to discuss their writing skills.	The educator
neutral	1	The educator was meeting with someone to discuss their writing skills.	The educator
neutral	6	The educator was meeting with a student to discuss their grading policy.	student
neutral	5	The educator was meeting with someone to discuss their grading policy.	someone
neutral	1	The clerk provided the customer with paperwork for them to fill out.	The clerk
neutral	1	The clerk provided someone with paperwork for them to fill out.	The clerk
neutral	4	The clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to them upon completion.	the customer
neutral	3	The clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to them upon completion.	someone
neutral	5	The counselor disclosed to the patient that they were professionally mandated to report certain issues.	the patient
neutral	4	The counselor disclosed to someone that they were professionally mandated to report certain issues.	someone
neutral	5	The patient disclosed to the counselor that they had a history of substance abuse.	the counselor
neutral	4	Someone disclosed to the counselor that they had a history of substance abuse.	the counselor
neutral	4	The homeowner asked the inspector if the house they had purchased was structurally sound.	the inspector
neutral	3	Someone asked the inspector if the house they had purchased was structurally sound.	the inspector
neutral	1	The homeowner asked the inspector if they had discovered any building code violations.	The homeowner
neutral	0	Someone asked the inspector if they had discovered any building code violations.	Someone
neutral	1	The mechanic called to inform the customer that their car would be ready in the morning.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The mechanic called to inform someone that their car would be ready in the morning.	The mechanic
neutral	6	The mechanic called to inform the customer that they had completed the repair.	the customer
neutral	5	The mechanic called to inform someone that they had completed the repair.	someone
neutral	1	The customer asked to speak with the manager because they would be able to fix the billing error.	The customer
neutral	0	Someone asked to speak with the manager because they would be able to fix the billing error.	Someone
neutral	7	The customer asked to speak with the manager because they wanted to fix the billing error quickly.	the manager
neutral	6	Someone asked to speak with the manager because they wanted to fix the billing error quickly.	the manager
neutral	1	The teenager confided in the therapist because they seemed trustworthy.	The teenager
neutral	0	Someone confided in the therapist because they seemed trustworthy.	Someone
neutral	5	The teenager confided in the therapist because they were seeking emotional support.	the therapist
neutral	4	Someone confided in the therapist because they were seeking emotional support.	the therapist
neutral	4	The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that they had organized.	the administrator
neutral	3	Someone presented the administrator with a petition that they had organized.	the administrator
neutral	1	The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that they had been unaware of.	The undergraduate
neutral	0	Someone presented the administrator with a petition that they had been unaware of.	Someone
neutral	1	The customer asked the salesperson if they could explain the pricing of each product.	The customer
neutral	0	Someone asked the salesperson if they could explain the pricing of each product.	Someone
neutral	4	The customer asked the salesperson if they were eligible for an additional discount.	the salesperson
neutral	3	Someone asked the salesperson if they were eligible for an additional discount.	the salesperson
neutral	4	The visitor asked the receptionist if they needed to sign in.	the receptionist
neutral	3	Someone asked the receptionist if they needed to sign in.	the receptionist
neutral	1	The visitor asked the receptionist if they could estimate how long the wait would be.	The visitor
neutral	0	Someone asked the receptionist if they could estimate how long the wait would be.	Someone
neutral	1	The librarian helped the child pick out a book because they did not know what to read.	The librarian
neutral	1	The librarian helped someone pick out a book because they did not know what to read.	The librarian
neutral	4	The librarian helped the child pick out a book because they liked to encourage reading.	the child
neutral	3	The librarian helped someone pick out a book because they liked to encourage reading.	someone
neutral	1	The advisor met with the advisee because they wanted to get advice about job applications.	The advisor
neutral	1	The advisor met with someone because they wanted to get advice about job applications.	The advisor
neutral	5	The advisor met with the advisee because they wanted to give advice about job applications.	the advisee
neutral	4	The advisor met with someone because they wanted to give advice about job applications.	someone
neutral	1	The pharmacist told the patient that they should take the pills with food.	The pharmacist
neutral	1	The pharmacist told someone that they should take the pills with food.	The pharmacist
neutral	4	The pharmacist told the patient that they recommended taking the pills with food.	the patient
neutral	3	The pharmacist told someone that they recommended taking the pills with food.	someone
neutral	1	The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they might fall and get hurt.	The janitor
neutral	1	The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they might fall and get hurt.	The janitor
neutral	4	The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they would have to mop it all over again.	the child
neutral	3	The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they would have to mop it all over again.	someone
neutral	4	The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so they could make a preliminary assessment.	the patient
neutral	3	The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so they could make a preliminary assessment.	someone
neutral	1	The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so they could be quickly assessed.	The psychologist
neutral	1	The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so they could be quickly assessed.	The psychologist
neutral	1	The physician warned the patient that they needed to get more rest.	The physician
neutral	1	The physician warned someone that they needed to get more rest.	The physician
neutral	4	The physician warned the patient that they could not safely prescribe a higher dose.	the patient
neutral	3	The physician warned someone that they could not safely prescribe a higher dose.	someone
neutral	1	The carpenter told the onlooker that they needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The carpenter told someone that they needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.	The carpenter
neutral	4	The carpenter told the onlooker that they had been working on the house for three weeks.	the onlooker
neutral	3	The carpenter told someone that they had been working on the house for three weeks.	someone
neutral	4	The nurse notified the patient that their shift would be ending in an hour.	the patient
neutral	3	The nurse notified someone that their shift would be ending in an hour.	someone
neutral	1	The nurse notified the patient that their blood would be drawn in an hour.	The nurse
neutral	1	The nurse notified someone that their blood would be drawn in an hour.	The nurse
neutral	1	The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but they were unreachable.	The investigator
neutral	1	The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but they were unreachable.	The investigator
neutral	6	The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but they were unable to get in contact.	the witness
neutral	5	The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but they were unable to get in contact.	someone
neutral	4	The customer left the bartender a big tip because they were feeling generous.	the bartender
neutral	3	Someone left the bartender a big tip because they were feeling generous.	the bartender
neutral	1	The customer left the bartender a big tip because they had made the drink very strong.	The customer
neutral	0	Someone left the bartender a big tip because they had made the drink very strong.	Someone
neutral	6	The patient was referred to the specialist because they had a rare skin condition.	the specialist
neutral	5	Someone was referred to the specialist because they had a rare skin condition.	the specialist
neutral	1	The patient was referred to the specialist because they had knowledge of rare skin conditions.	The patient
neutral	0	Someone was referred to the specialist because they had knowledge of rare skin conditions.	Someone
neutral	1	The electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on their own.	The electrician
neutral	1	The electrician warned someone not to try rewiring anything on their own.	The electrician
neutral	4	The electrician warned the homeowner that they might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.	the homeowner
neutral	3	The electrician warned someone that they might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.	someone
neutral	4	The officer arrested the protester even though they were not on duty.	the protester
neutral	3	The officer arrested someone even though they were not on duty.	someone
neutral	1	The officer arrested the protester even though they were not violent.	The officer
neutral	1	The officer arrested someone even though they were not violent.	The officer
neutral	7	The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under their microscope.	the victim
neutral	6	The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under their microscope.	someone
neutral	1	The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to determine the cause of their death.	The pathologist
neutral	1	The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to determine the cause of their death.	The pathologist
neutral	4	The student asked the teacher if they could get an extension on the assignment.	the teacher
neutral	3	Someone asked the teacher if they could get an extension on the assignment.	the teacher
neutral	1	The student asked the teacher if they could grant an extension on the assignment.	The student
neutral	0	Someone asked the teacher if they could grant an extension on the assignment.	Someone
neutral	1	The lawyer cross-examined the witness until they broke under pressure.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The lawyer cross-examined someone until they broke under pressure.	The lawyer
neutral	4	The lawyer cross-examined the witness until they were finished asking questions.	the witness
neutral	3	The lawyer cross-examined someone until they were finished asking questions.	someone
neutral	1	The planner spoke with the resident who said that their entire community did not want an aiport nearby.	The planner
neutral	1	The planner spoke with someone who said that their entire community did not want an aiport nearby.	The planner
neutral	5	The planner spoke with the resident who said that their proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.	the resident
neutral	4	The planner spoke with someone who said that their proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.	someone
neutral	1	The practitioner made a house call for the patient because they felt gravely ill.	The practitioner
neutral	1	The practitioner made a house call for someone because they felt gravely ill.	The practitioner
neutral	8	The practitioner made a house call for the patient because they felt a sense of obligation.	the patient
neutral	7	The practitioner made a house call for someone because they felt a sense of obligation.	someone
neutral	1	The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for their services.	The homeowner
neutral	0	Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for their services.	Someone
neutral	4	The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing their broken pipes.	the plumber
neutral	3	Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing their broken pipes.	the plumber
neutral	4	The instructor encouraged the student to attend their help sessions.	the student
neutral	3	The instructor encouraged someone to attend their help sessions.	someone
neutral	1	The instructor encouraged the student to pursue their dreams.	The instructor
neutral	1	The instructor encouraged someone to pursue their dreams.	The instructor
neutral	1	The surgeon operated on the child with great care; their tumor had grown over time.	The surgeon
neutral	1	The surgeon operated on someone with great care; their tumor had grown over time.	The surgeon
neutral	5	The surgeon operated on the child with great care; their affection had grown over time.	the child
neutral	4	The surgeon operated on someone with great care; their affection had grown over time.	someone
neutral	1	The veterinarian informed the owner that their cat had developed diabetes.	The veterinarian
neutral	1	The veterinarian informed someone that their cat had developed diabetes.	The veterinarian
neutral	4	The veterinarian informed the owner that they could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.	the owner
neutral	3	The veterinarian informed someone that they could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.	someone
neutral	6	The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though they knew it was too late.	the passenger
neutral	5	The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though they knew it was too late.	someone
neutral	1	The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though they were already dead.	The paramedic
neutral	1	The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though they were already dead.	The paramedic
neutral	1	The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too badly mutilated.	The examiner
neutral	1	The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too badly mutilated.	The examiner
neutral	7	The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too incompetent.	the victim
neutral	6	The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too incompetent.	someone
neutral	1	The chemist told the visitor that they would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.	The chemist
neutral	1	The chemist told someone that they would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.	The chemist
neutral	4	The chemist told the visitor that they would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.	the visitor
neutral	3	The chemist told someone that they would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.	someone
neutral	1	The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for them to try it out.	The machinist
neutral	1	The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for them to try it out.	The machinist
neutral	4	The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said only they could operate it.	the child
neutral	3	The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said only they could operate it.	someone
neutral	1	The appraiser told the buyer that they had paid too much for the painting.	The appraiser
neutral	1	The appraiser told someone that they had paid too much for the painting.	The appraiser
neutral	4	The appraiser told the buyer that they valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.	the buyer
neutral	3	The appraiser told someone that they valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.	someone
neutral	1	The nutritionist explained to the patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve their diet.	The nutritionist
neutral	1	The nutritionist explained to someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve their diet.	The nutritionist
neutral	5	The nutritionist explained to the patient that it was their belief that diet and exercise were equally important.	the patient
neutral	4	The nutritionist explained to someone that it was their belief that diet and exercise were equally important.	someone
neutral	8	The student set up a meeting with the architect to explore their career options.	the architect
neutral	7	Someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore their career options.	the architect
neutral	1	The student set up a meeting with the architect to view their blueprints for inspiration.	The student
neutral	0	Someone set up a meeting with the architect to view their blueprints for inspiration.	Someone
neutral	8	The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because they wanted to be helpful.	the client
neutral	7	The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because they wanted to be helpful.	someone
neutral	1	The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because they wanted to try something different.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because they wanted to try something different.	The hairdresser
neutral	8	The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they were on a low-carb diet.	the baker
neutral	7	Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they were on a low-carb diet.	the baker
neutral	1	The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they had bad reviews online.	The customer
neutral	0	Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they had bad reviews online.	Someone
neutral	6	The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because they wanted to earn good karma.	the student
neutral	5	The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because they wanted to earn good karma.	someone
neutral	1	The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because they wanted to become a web developer.	The programmer
neutral	1	The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because they wanted to become a web developer.	The programmer
neutral	8	The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so they were fired.	the client
neutral	7	The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so they were fired.	someone
neutral	1	The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so they got fed up and went to a different law firm.	The paralegal
neutral	1	The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so they got fed up and went to a different law firm.	The paralegal
neutral	1	The hygienist told the patient that they needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.	The hygienist
neutral	1	The hygienist told someone that they needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.	The hygienist
neutral	4	The hygienist told the patient that they needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.	the patient
neutral	3	The hygienist told someone that they needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.	someone
neutral	1	The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because they needed a lab assistant.	The undergraduate
neutral	0	Someone applied to work with the scientist because they needed a lab assistant.	Someone
neutral	7	The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because they needed more experience in the lab.	the scientist
neutral	6	Someone applied to work with the scientist because they needed more experience in the lab.	the scientist
neutral	1	The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they were sending help.	The bystander
neutral	0	Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they were sending help.	Someone
neutral	8	The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they should wait for help in a safe location.	the dispatcher
neutral	7	Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they should wait for help in a safe location.	the dispatcher
neutral	1	The cashier told the customer that they couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.	The cashier
neutral	1	The cashier told someone that they couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.	The cashier
neutral	4	The cashier told the customer that they couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.	the customer
neutral	3	The cashier told someone that they couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.	someone
neutral	4	The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for them to scrutinize.	the taxpayer
neutral	3	The auditor asked someone to provide records for them to scrutinize.	someone
neutral	1	The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of their financial transactions.	The auditor
neutral	1	The auditor asked someone to provide records of their financial transactions.	The auditor
neutral	4	The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice they gave everyone.	the client
neutral	3	The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice they gave everyone.	someone
neutral	1	The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because they were not getting enough to eat.	The dietitian
neutral	1	The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because they were not getting enough to eat.	The dietitian
neutral	10	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because they had to shut down the gallery.	the customer
neutral	9	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because they had to shut down the gallery.	someone
neutral	1	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because they made an offer that was hard to refuse.	The painter
neutral	1	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because they made an offer that was hard to refuse.	The painter
neutral	4	The broker called the client because they had new stocks to recommend.	the client
neutral	3	The broker called someone because they had new stocks to recommend.	someone
neutral	1	The broker called the client because they had requested a phone consultation.	The broker
neutral	1	The broker called someone because they had requested a phone consultation.	The broker
neutral	1	The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with their dinner.	The chef
neutral	1	The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with their dinner.	The chef
neutral	8	The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with their preparation style.	the guest
neutral	7	The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with their preparation style.	someone
neutral	1	The doctor told the patient that they would be at risk without the vaccination.	The doctor
neutral	1	The doctor told someone that they would be at risk without the vaccination.	The doctor
neutral	4	The doctor told the patient that they would be on vacation next week.	the patient
neutral	3	The doctor told someone that they would be on vacation next week.	someone
neutral	1	The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because they could not escape.	The firefighter
neutral	1	The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because they could not escape.	The firefighter
neutral	6	The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because they could not just stand by and do nothing.	the child
neutral	5	The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because they could not just stand by and do nothing.	someone
neutral	4	The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that they could update the guest log.	the visitor
neutral	3	The secretary asked someone to sign in so that they could update the guest log.	someone
neutral	1	The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that they could be issued a guest badge.	The secretary
neutral	1	The secretary asked someone to sign in so that they could be issued a guest badge.	The secretary
neutral	1	The developer argued with the designer because their idea cannot be implemented.	The developer
neutral	1	The mechanic gave the clerk a present because it was their birthday.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because they cleaned the truck.	The mover
neutral	6	The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because they know how to use the scan machine.	the analyst
neutral	1	The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because they were helpful.	The chief
neutral	1	The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because they wanted to learn.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because they did a bad job.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because they are hungry.	The cook
neutral	1	The mover outran the hairdresser because they did not feel good.	The mover
neutral	1	The physician told the baker that they had cancer.	The physician
neutral	1	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because they might like them.	The farmer
neutral	1	The CEO helped the nurse because they needed help.	The CEO
neutral	4	The hairdresser befriended the cook because they liked the food.	the cook
neutral	1	The developer visited the hairdresser because they opened a new salon.	The developer
neutral	1	The manager told the hairdresser that they did a good job.	The manager
neutral	1	The driver hit the clerk because they were using a cellphone while crossing a street.	The driver
neutral	4	The auditor caught the developer cheating because they discovered the key documents.	the developer
neutral	1	The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because they did a good job.	The CEO
neutral	1	The guard saved the editor from the criminals because they needed help.	The guard
neutral	12	The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson, because they wanted to increase productivity.	the salesperson,
neutral	4	The auditor bought the guard a gift because they are thankful.	the guard
neutral	4	The secretary asked the mover what they could do to help.	the mover
neutral	1	The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because they wanted to buy a vacuum.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The farmer asked the designer what they were working on.	The farmer
neutral	1	The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although they only had eighty dollars.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The manager fired the baker because they were too rebellious.	The manager
neutral	1	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because they were sick.	The physician
neutral	1	The laborer raced against the hairdresser because they are slow.	The laborer
neutral	1	The physician owed the cashier money because they paid for the vodka.	The physician
neutral	5	The hairdresser shouted at the driver because they felt offended.	the driver
neutral	1	The developer built a website for the tailor because they want to sell cloths online.	The developer
neutral	1	The farmer ran faster than the tailor because they were weaker.	The farmer
neutral	1	The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and they are grateful.	The mechanic
neutral	4	The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of their job.	the lawyer
neutral	1	The manager fired the cleaner because they are too lazy.	The manager
neutral	4	The cleaner hates the developer because they spent a lot of time cleaning the room.	the developer
neutral	1	The mechanic hired the assistant because they performed the best during the interview.	The mechanic
neutral	4	The writer interviewed the manager because they wanted to write a new book.	the manager
neutral	1	The physician told the nurse that they can go back home.	The physician
neutral	1	The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because they offered great advice.	The construction worker
neutral	4	The editor called the construction worker because they wanted to know when the house would be ready.	the construction worker
neutral	1	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because they know how to do it.	The analyst
neutral	1	The carpenter likes to work with the designer because they always make great designs.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The salesperson tried to fool the writer but they saw through the trick.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because they helped to clean the room.	The cook
neutral	1	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because they needed a desk.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The cook asked the designer if they like the new dish.	The cook
neutral	4	The cleaner called the guard because they forgot to bring their key.	the guard
neutral	1	The laborer kicked the cashier because they said something bad.	The laborer
neutral	1	The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and they are grateful.	The janitor
neutral	1	The mechanic greets the receptionist because they were standing in front of the door.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so they will one day be equal in skill.	The cook
neutral	1	The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because they helped many kids.	The farmer
neutral	1	The CEO bought the accountant a car because they needed one.	The CEO
neutral	1	The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and they were grateful.	The janitor
neutral	4	The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is their job.	the CEO
neutral	1	The chief encouraged the writer because they wrote a good book.	The chief
neutral	1	The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because they used big words.	The developer
neutral	6	The nurse was running from the laborer because they were very busy.	the laborer
neutral	1	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, but they may have been falsely accused.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The developer corrected the secretary because they made a mistake.	The developer
neutral	1	The mover bought a beer for the cashier because they are cool.	The mover
neutral	1	The mover missed the call from the assistant because they tried to schedule the moving.	The mover
neutral	2	When the supervisor splashed the editor, they fought back.	the supervisor
neutral	4	The assistant asked the physician if they could borrow some money.	the physician
neutral	1	The laborer eats more than the receptionist as they are on a diet.	The laborer
neutral	1	The construction worker stared at the teacher because they entered the construction zone.	The construction worker
neutral	8	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because they were asked to.	the construction worker
neutral	1	The CEO could not understand the attendant, because they spoke too fast.	The CEO
neutral	1	The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because it is their birthday.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff protected the writer because they are under attack.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The mechanic looked down on the cashier because they had a bad breath.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The manager has more money than the attendant since they are more junior.	The manager
neutral	1	The analyst argued with the designer, because they refused to redesign the work.	The analyst
neutral	1	The driver yelled at the tailor after they broke a window.	The driver
neutral	4	The clerk misled the supervisor so they got fired.	the supervisor
neutral	5	The assistant laughed at the janitor because they heard the joke.	the janitor
neutral	1	The chief praised the accountant because they are professional and patient.	The chief
neutral	1	The chief told the counselor that they could have the day off.	The chief
neutral	1	The janitor handed the writer a book for their future reference.	The janitor
neutral	1	The mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then they wrote a thankful note.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The manager asked the accountant for the books because they had made many errors previously.	The manager
neutral	1	The supervisor yelled at the cashier because they liked to pick their nose.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job they failed to produce the correct records.	The chief
neutral	1	The construction worker prayed for the tailor because they were in the hospital.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose their focus.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The salesperson handed the clerk money because they were responsible for lost items.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The physician examined the teacher and they were grateful.	The physician
neutral	1	The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because their prices were too high.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut their nails before anything else.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because they always gave useless recommendations.	The developer
neutral	1	The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because they were nearby.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The guard complimented the designer for their excellent taste.	The guard
neutral	1	The janitor fell in love with the secretary because of their nice hands.	The janitor
neutral	1	The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because they were weaker.	The laborer
neutral	1	The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because they were beautiful.	The driver
neutral	1	The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to keep them safe.	The laborer
neutral	1	The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because they are weak.	The mover
neutral	1	The developer was rude to the secretary because they were universally hated.	The developer
neutral	1	The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because they did everyone favors.	The janitor
neutral	1	The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because they are gullible.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The carpenter built the attendant a desk to get their love.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The chief interrogated the hairdresser because they were behaving in a guilty way.	The chief
neutral	1	The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because they asked for a tool.	The laborer
neutral	1	The guard protected the teacher because they were cowardly.	The guard
neutral	4	The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because they were extremely cautious.	the carpenter
neutral	1	The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because they were the only qualified professional to handle the job.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The laborer handed the application to the editor because they requested formal paperwork.	The laborer
neutral	1	The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because they would be sent to jail otherwise.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The CEO gave the cashier cash because they wanted to get their money.	The CEO
neutral	1	The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because they needed to beat in a nail.	The laborer
neutral	1	The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because they are weak.	The laborer
neutral	4	The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because they were caring.	the farmer
neutral	1	The manager asked the auditor to stay late because they are often slacking.	The manager
neutral	1	The guard accused the receptionist of theft because they looked guilty.	The guard
neutral	1	The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because they normally do an excellent job.	The developer
neutral	1	The driver asked the nurse for an examination because they were extremely experienced.	The driver
neutral	1	The manager told the clerk to report to work early because they are lazy.	The manager
neutral	1	The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because they always did the work well.	The farmer
neutral	1	The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because they were bad at math.	The analyst
neutral	1	The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because they were bad at doing injections.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because they said everything was fine.	The laborer
neutral	1	The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because they asked.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to appease to them.	The farmer
neutral	1	The construction worker knew of the writer because they were constantly in the news.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because they performed well.	The manager
neutral	1	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because they were trespassing.	The farmer
neutral	1	The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because they were ordered to by the court.	The CEO
neutral	1	The salesperson hated the accountant because they never bought anything.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The chief handed the baker money in payment for their bread.	The chief
neutral	1	The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because they asked.	The driver
neutral	1	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because they were the best.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because they often stole.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to justify their behavior.	The CEO
neutral	1	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because they know how the library is organized.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because they always forgot.	The analyst
neutral	1	The supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because they never got a haircut.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The construction worker never trusted the baker because their bread was bad.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because they did a bad job.	The CEO
neutral	1	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because they were nosey.	The CEO
neutral	1	The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because they were ruining the brand.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because they wore silly hats.	The driver
neutral	1	The farmer trusted in the receptionist because they were exceptionally organized.	The farmer
neutral	1	The cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to make them less trusting.	The cook
neutral	1	The guard admired the secretary because their job was so safe.	The guard
neutral	1	The CEO constantly visited the baker because they provided free bread.	The CEO
neutral	1	The physician examined the auditor for sores because they complained.	The physician
neutral	1	The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because they were underperforming.	The manager
neutral	1	The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of their high standards.	The analyst
neutral	1	The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because they are weak.	The mover
neutral	1	The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to ask them a question.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because they often forget.	The CEO
neutral	1	The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because they placed an order.	The laborer
neutral	1	The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because they did a good job.	The farmer
neutral	1	The sheriff questioned the cashier because they had taken the money.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The supervisor berated the accountant for failure to adhere to their protocol.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because they made bad bread.	The analyst
neutral	1	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because they did a good job.	The guard
neutral	1	The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but they were too busy.	The manager
neutral	1	The analyst offered free financial advice to the nurse but they did not accept it.	The analyst
neutral	1	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because they are an important customer.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because they are the best.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but they did not appreciate it.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The sheriff complained to the designer because they did not meet expectations.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse but they were busy with another patient.	The manager
neutral	1	The sheriff trusts the assistant because they were always honest.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The cook respects the baker because they really know how to bake.	The cook
neutral	1	The mover hired the accountant because they are well recommended.	The mover
neutral	1	The analyst consulted with the librarian because they know a lot about books.	The analyst
neutral	1	The sheriff relies on the attendant because they are trustworthy.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The laborer told the teacher that they needed to speak louder in class.	The laborer
neutral	1	The salesperson talked to the auditor because they issued a warning to the sale department.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The CEO hired the editor because they are the best in the region.	The CEO
neutral	1	The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because they requested it.	The janitor
neutral	1	The laborer told the baker that they should not use eggs in the cake.	The laborer
neutral	1	The mover told the teacher that they need to be more patient with the kids.	The mover
neutral	1	The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because they are a very strict person.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The developer contacted the editor because they needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book.	The developer
neutral	1	The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and they looked really tired.	The guard
neutral	1	The construction worker hired the cleaner so they can focus on the cleaning work.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because they were an old friend.	The driver
neutral	1	The supervisor asked the assistant to get their agreement.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because they did not present an authorization form.	The driver
neutral	1	The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because they spanked a child.	The chief
neutral	1	The physician wrote a letter to the writer because they were a famous person.	The physician
neutral	1	The sheriff talked to the clerk because they could provide help with some paperwork.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The mechanic hired the tailor because they could do the work.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The developer needed feedback from the cashier because they were going to be a user of the system.	The developer
neutral	1	The physician contacted the editor because they could provide help publishing in a medical journal.	The physician
neutral	1	The farmer visited the clerk so that they can approve a farming license.	The farmer
neutral	1	The mechanic asked for the attendant because they were the only one who could help.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The mover rebuked the auditor because they had clearly made a mistake.	The mover
neutral	1	The chief hired the designer because they could design a new logo.	The chief
neutral	1	The physician hired the secretary because they were highly recommended.	The physician
neutral	1	The farmer complained to the cashier because they treated people disrespectfully.	The farmer
neutral	1	The salesperson contacted the tailor because they promised to fix a suit.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The chief returned a book to the librarian but they complained of being late.	The chief
neutral	1	The janitor reprimanded the accountant because they made a mistake filing paperwork.	The janitor
neutral	1	The janitor reprimanded the accountant because they made a mistake filing paperwork.	The janitor
neutral	1	The chief hired the assistant because they had stellar grades in school.	The chief
neutral	1	The carpenter met with the teacher so that they could ask science questions.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The lawyer hired the assistant because they were unemployed.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The laborer was referred to the designer because they were the best.	The laborer
neutral	1	The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because they rated the restaurant favorably.	The cook
neutral	1	The analyst walked to the cashier because they could help to deposit a check.	The analyst
neutral	1	The guard was a big fan of the writer because they were the best at writing romantic novels.	The guard
neutral	1	The lawyer respected the housekeeper because they were a hardworking person.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The cook had to hire the accountant so that they can provide help with financial matters.	The cook
neutral	1	The CEO liked the hairdresser because they were willing to provide after-hour appointments.	The CEO
neutral	1	The carpenter hired the cleaner because they were favorably recommended.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The lawyer talked with the counselor because they had key information to resolve the case.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The developer had a meeting with the teacher so they could provide feedback on a new software for taking class attendance.	The developer
neutral	1	The manager promoted the housekeeper because they were an efficient employee.	The manager
neutral	1	The mover went to the house of the editor because they needed a mover.	The mover
neutral	1	The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but they lost them.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The farmer knows the editor because they are really famous.	The farmer
neutral	1	The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who kept raising their voice with customers.	The analyst
neutral	1	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because they raised the prices unfairly.	The farmer
neutral	1	The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because they were often careless.	The guard
neutral	1	The mover offered to help the receptionist because they needed to move their desk.	The mover
neutral	1	The guard never talked with the accountant because they were always busy on the computer.	The guard
neutral	1	The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because they would offer snacks.	The analyst
neutral	1	The cook talked to the editor because they visited the restaurant once.	The cook
neutral	1	The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that they process an application.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that they can explain better the design.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The driver took the editor on a ride because they wanted to see the city.	The driver
neutral	1	The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because they were known to be strict.	The CEO
neutral	1	The driver went to the cashier because they seemed to need a ride.	The driver
neutral	1	The salesperson met with the counselor because they wanted to buy merchandise.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The cook talked to the tailor because they wanted advice with a recipe.	The cook
neutral	1	The driver offered a ride to the teacher but they refused the offer.	The driver
neutral	1	The lawyer represented the writer because they were in serious legal trouble.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The manager was friendly with the editor so that they can eventually write favorably about the company.	The manager
neutral	1	The CEO went to the tailor because they were good at making fitted suits.	The CEO
neutral	1	The mechanic stopped by the librarian because their car turned off in the middle of the road.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The physician admonished the cleaner because they were not using protective gear during work.	The physician
neutral	1	The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that they would be indebted.	The driver
neutral	1	The carpenter had to hire the assistant because they were a friend of a friend.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff told the cleaner that they were requested to answer some questions.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because they live far away.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The manager told the receptionist that they must always dress formally for work.	The manager
neutral	1	The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and they offered some books to show thanks.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The salesperson asked the housekeeper that if they could help to set up a meeting with the house owner.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because they required previously.	The janitor
neutral	1	The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because they are too poor to afford that.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and they refused that.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because they were offended.	The construction worker
neutral	4	The attendant blamed the driver because they blamed everyone.	the driver
neutral	1	The carpenter always asks the librarian for help because they know a lot of words.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The physician wanted to meet the counselor because they have more experience about medical accidents.	The physician
neutral	1	The carpenter owed the counselor some money and they never asked for any interest.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and they asked for mercy.	The janitor
neutral	1	The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because they were suspected of stealing the money.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because they were very busy.	The janitor
neutral	1	The janitor stopped the nurse because they were not wearing the nurse uniform.	The janitor
neutral	1	The salesperson thanked the nurse because they bought the insurance.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but they claimed to be innocent.	The sheriff
neutral	4	The counselor helped the laborer because they are a very kind person.	the laborer
neutral	4	The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because they were not interested in the product.	the salesperson
neutral	1	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because they were very careless about work.	The supervisor
neutral	4	The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and they needed to make sure none were left.	the mover
neutral	1	The chief visited the tailor because they wanted to learn to hem.	The chief
neutral	1	The guard checked the counselor 's identity and let them enter the building.	The guard
neutral	1	The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because they knew.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The mechanic called the nurse because they knew how to deal with broken legs.	The mechanic
neutral	6	The cleaner is mad at the cook because they spend a lot of time cleaning the kitchen.	the cook
neutral	1	The sheriff criticized the teacher because they broke the traffic rules.	The sheriff
neutral	6	The cleaner got mad at the farmer because they had to clean the hall again.	the farmer
neutral	5	The baker yelled at the mover because their stove was broken.	the mover
neutral	1	The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because they only paid attention to people wearing suits.	The developer
neutral	6	The clerk earns more than the guard because they work hard.	the guard
neutral	1	The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because their salary is higher.	The construction worker
neutral	4	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because they are very familiar with the city.	the driver
neutral	1	The salesperson disliked the attendant because they did not buy the product.	The salesperson
neutral	4	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because they love clothing.	the cook
neutral	4	The accountant contacted the lawyer because they needed to know more details about the law.	the lawyer
neutral	1	The manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because they worked very hard.	The manager
neutral	1	The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because they requested that.	The cook
neutral	1	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because they showed great talent.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The chief complained to the cashier about their poor performance.	The chief
neutral	1	The chief thanked the secretary because they recommend the boss to try the restaurant.	The chief
neutral	1	The supervisor invited the designer to the party because they made big contributions.	The supervisor
neutral	4	The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because they were super busy today.	the carpenter
neutral	1	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents and they promised to finish it in three hours.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and they liked it very much.	The cook
neutral	4	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because they wanted to know the progress.	the construction worker
neutral	1	The analyst visited the writer because they made some mistakes in the book.	The analyst
neutral	1	The guard protected the assistant because they were threatened.	The guard
neutral	1	The physician talked to the attendant about a patient who they had no contact with yet.	The physician
neutral	1	The laborer called the accountant because they made mistakes about the salary.	The laborer
neutral	1	The analyst sent a report to the editor because they put in a request yesterday.	The analyst
neutral	6	The receptionist drove away from the salesperson because they had to answer the phone.	the salesperson
neutral	1	The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments they gave to the students.	The supervisor
neutral	4	The clerk visited the physician because their back ached.	the physician
neutral	1	The chief thanked the nurse because they are very nice to their patients.	The chief
neutral	1	The analyst blamed the accountant because they made some mistakes in their work.	The analyst
neutral	1	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because they got injured.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The guard hated the hairdresser because they charged too much.	The guard
neutral	1	The developer could not understand the accountant because they slurred their speech.	The developer
neutral	1	The manager meets the counselor every week because they know more about the law.	The manager
neutral	1	The lawyer asked the teacher some questions on their misconduct.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because they can bring more business.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because they are famous for them.	The supervisor
neutral	4	The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because they have been there for twenty years.	the janitor
neutral	1	The supervisor called the counselor because they are an expert on the law.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The CEO is discussing with the writer about the book they will write.	The CEO
neutral	1	The mechanic told the hairdresser that they made a nice haircut.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because they show no respect to the customer during checkout.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as they may get hurt in this area.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The carpenter complemented the baker for the bread they made.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The lawyer told the designer that they may lose their job due to the prosecution.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The mechanic yelled at the accountant about the mistakes they made in the tax form.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The cook is talking to the cashier as they overcharged a customer.	The cook
neutral	1	The laborer talked to the cleaner and listened to their complaints about the salary.	The laborer
neutral	1	The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course they are offering next semester.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The guard is talking to the baker about the fire they caused last night.	The guard
neutral	1	The guard is talking to the tailor about the new suit they are making.	The guard
neutral	1	The analyst was angry at the clerk as they did not provide any useful information.	The analyst
neutral	1	The lawyer thanked the nurse for their meticulous concern.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The carpenter helped the housekeeper to fix the window as they knew nothing about those tools.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as they claimed to know the thief.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The physician argued with the receptionist as they made so many mistakes.	The physician
neutral	1	The lawyer refused to help the editor as they did not want to pay the bill.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The farmer did not want to talk to the writer because they were burying himself in writing a new novel.	The farmer
neutral	1	The sheriff asked the librarian for help as they were much more familiar with the library.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since they do not teach in that school.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The janitor does not like the baker because they always mess up the kitchen.	The janitor
neutral	1	The cook asked the nurse for help because they were the only one passing by.	The cook
neutral	1	The developer tried to convince the housekeeper that they need the software.	The developer
neutral	1	The driver picked up the accountant from the airport because they could not find a bus there.	The driver
neutral	1	The manager likes the designer 's product but they refused to allow a purchase.	The manager
neutral	1	The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because they could not understand those engineering terms easily.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The mechanic hired the cleaner because they can clean everything up very quickly.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The mover helped the writer to pack up because they had so many things in the room.	The mover
neutral	1	The carpenter came to the tailor because they make the best clothes in this town.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The construction worker needs the assistant because they can make everything happen.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The supervisor hired the secretary because they can make everything well organized.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The chief employed the receptionist because they can help to answer and record the phone orders.	The chief
neutral	1	The janitor talked to the auditor because they seemed to be looking for something in the broom room.	The janitor
neutral	1	The analyst goes to the tailor because everyone knows that they make the best clothes.	The analyst
neutral	1	The sheriff asked the nurse to go together because they can help to take care of the victims.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because they know this building much better.	The janitor
neutral	1	The mover hit the tailor because they stood in the path.	The mover
neutral	1	The developer complained about the nurse because they have a bad attitude to patients.	The developer
neutral	1	The mechanic received a gift from the baker it was their way to express thanks.	The mechanic
neutral	4	The editor forgot the salesperson 's name because they meet so many people every day.	the salesperson
neutral	4	The counselor accused the mover because some of their valuable collections are gone.	the mover
neutral	1	The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that their salary was going to be raised.	The supervisor
neutral	4	The tailor is the lawyer 's good friend because they can make well-fitting suits.	the lawyer
neutral	4	The secretary texted the cook what they thought the boss wanted to eat.	the cook
neutral	5	The secretary took down the farmer 's petition and then they submitted it to their superiors.	the farmer
neutral	1	The farmer kicked the assistant because they deserved it.	The farmer
neutral	1	The supervisor criticized the attendant because they made some mistakes.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The manager fired the librarian because they always complained about their work.	The manager
neutral	1	The mover is waiting for the nurse because they can clean the wounds.	The mover
neutral	1	The farmer gave the attendant some tips and they were very glad to receive that.	The farmer
neutral	4	The counselor warned the developer that they would charge people who break the rules.	the developer
neutral	1	The physician reminded the accountant that they should take care of their neck.	The physician
neutral	1	The laborer owed the tailor because they offered to make a free suit.	The laborer
neutral	4	The housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because they know nothing about the medicine.	the physician
neutral	1	The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and they are very grateful for that.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The driver brought the designer some ideas which improved their design a lot.	The driver
neutral	6	The baker is afraid of the sheriff because they did something wrong.	the sheriff
neutral	1	The janitor gave the clerk some documents which they required.	The janitor
neutral	4	The attendant recognized the developer because they read a lot of technical news.	the developer
neutral	7	The writer wrote a book about the carpenter because they were moved by the story.	the carpenter
neutral	1	The cook asked the attendant to try the cake because they had excellent taste.	The cook
neutral	1	The analyst employed the housekeeper because they have good at cleaning.	The analyst
neutral	1	The guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that they were more qualified.	The guard
neutral	1	The physician examined the librarian for eye problems because they read too much.	The physician
neutral	1	The driver asked the writer to help with a poem because they had published many of their poems.	The driver
neutral	1	The mover refused to obey the designer because they gave no evidence that the pedestal could support the artworks weight.	The mover
neutral	1	The driver picked up bread from the baker because they were too frail.	The driver
neutral	1	The carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor 's visit but they demanded too much.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The developer traded services with the baker because they did not own a computer.	The developer
neutral	1	The chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because they never paid attention to the danger.	The chief
neutral	1	The CEO called the teacher to talk about their classrooms disorder.	The CEO
neutral	1	The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because they were clumsy with scissors.	The physician
neutral	1	The janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because they asked nicely.	The janitor
neutral	1	The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was their job.	The chief
neutral	1	The laborer wanted to take the attendant 's job because they were not qualified.	The laborer
neutral	1	The carpenter asked the editor if they would take the table tomorrow.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because they always wrote too many details.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because they made significant errors.	The chief
neutral	1	The cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because they would easily find the problems with the kitchen.	The cook
neutral	1	The salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because they failed to pick good colors.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The sheriff told the counselor that they were under investigation.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The analyst asked the counselor about their hourly rate.	The analyst
neutral	3	Last Saturday, the physician called the tailor to discuss their abnormal immune system.	the physician
neutral	1	The lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant, which they were in dire need of.	The lawyer
neutral	3	During lunch, the janitor looked for the attendant to steal their food.	the janitor
neutral	2	When the mover arrived, the attendant lent their enormous truck.	the mover
neutral	5	When the winter comes, the farmer visited the librarian frequently because of their hot chocolate.	the farmer
neutral	4	The assistant hired the driver as they did not have the license yet.	the driver
neutral	1	The chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after they finished cleaning.	The chief
neutral	4	The teacher and the janitor were chatting about their disorderly students.	the janitor
neutral	1	The developer argued with the designer and slapped them in the face.	The developer
neutral	1	The mechanic gave the clerk a present and wished them happy birthday.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The mover said thank you to the housekeeper and give them a hug.	The mover
neutral	1	The analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked them to do the scanning.	The analyst
neutral	1	The chief thanked the housekeeper and gave them some tips.	The chief
neutral	1	The salesperson sold some books to the librarian and give them a discount.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threaten to sue them.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher and hoped them enjoy.	The cook
neutral	1	The mover outran the hairdresser and laughed at them.	The mover
neutral	1	The physician examined the baker and prescribed a drug for them.	The physician
neutral	1	The farmer gave the housekeeper an apple and wished them had a good day.	The farmer
neutral	1	The CEO ignored the nurse 's suggestions and asked them to leave.	The CEO
neutral	1	The cook prepared a soup for the hairdresser and asked them for tips.	The cook
neutral	1	The developer visited the hairdresser and congratulated them for opening a new salon.	The developer
neutral	1	The manager spoke with the hairdresser and offered them a new job.	The manager
neutral	1	The driver hit the clerk and refused to say sorry to them.	The driver
neutral	1	The developer spoke with the auditor and provide them new documents.	The developer
neutral	1	The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist and offered them a paid holiday.	The CEO
neutral	1	The guard saved the editor from the protestors and drove them home.	The guard
neutral	1	The salesperson sold the assistant a new computer and taught them how to use.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The guard bought the auditor a gift and wish them had a nice holiday.	The guard
neutral	1	The mover called the secretary and asked them to come.	The mover
neutral	1	The salesperson chatted with the cleaner and persuaded them to buy a vacuum.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The farmer called the designer and asked them to design a website.	The farmer
neutral	1	The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars and helped them fixed the machine.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The manager fired the baker and asked them to leave.	The manager
neutral	1	The physician prescribed the medicine to the designer and asked them to follow the instruction.	The physician
neutral	1	The laborer raced against the hairdresser and outran them.	The laborer
neutral	1	The physician owed the cashier money and refused to pay them back.	The physician
neutral	1	The driver shouted at the hairdresser and asked them to get out of the car.	The driver
neutral	1	The developer built a website for the tailor and charged them one thousand dollars.	The developer
neutral	1	The farmer gave the tailor a bag of apples and asked them to make a sweater.	The farmer
neutral	1	The mechanic called the editor and told them to get the car back.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The lawyer spoke with the receptionist and asked them to do a favor.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The manager praised the cleaner and elected them to be the employee of the day.	The manager
neutral	1	The developer hated the cleaner and reported them to the manager.	The developer
neutral	1	The mechanic hired the assistant and gave them an orientation.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The manager answered a phone call from the writer and asked them not to call again.	The manager
neutral	1	The physician saw the nurse and called them to do the CPR.	The physician
neutral	1	The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor and asked them for advice.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The construction worker called the editor and told them the whole story.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight and thank them for the help.	The analyst
neutral	1	The carpenter collaborated with the designer and gave them a prototype.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The salesperson tried to fool the writer and sold them some garbage.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper and wait them to pay.	The cook
neutral	1	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk and gave them a discount.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The cook prepared a dish for the designer and them for feedback.	The cook
neutral	1	The guard called the cleaner and asked them to open the door.	The guard
neutral	1	The laborer kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to them.	The laborer
neutral	1	The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and ask them for tips.	The janitor
neutral	1	The mechanic greeted the receptionist and gave them an apple.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques and gave them advice.	The cook
neutral	1	The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs and thanked them for teaching.	The farmer
neutral	1	The CEO bought the accountant a car and gave them the key.	The CEO
neutral	1	The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and told them it is ready.	The janitor
neutral	1	The CEO stared at the librarian and asked them for a dinner.	The CEO
neutral	1	The chief encouraged the writer and brought their book.	The chief
neutral	1	The developer likes to have a coffee with the writer and discussed with them.	The developer
neutral	1	The laborer called the nurse and asked them to help.	The laborer
neutral	1	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier and helped them to win the case.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The developer corrected the secretary and told them not to worry.	The developer
neutral	1	The mover bought a beer for the cashier and thank them for the help.	The mover
neutral	1	The mover missed the call from the assistant and called them back.	The mover
neutral	1	The supervisor splashed the editor and yelled at them.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The physician called the assistant and asked them for help.	The physician
neutral	1	The laborer envied the receptionist and sabotaged them.	The laborer
neutral	1	The construction worker stared at the teacher and asked them to leave.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The construction worker went to a meeting with the secretary and ask them a few questions.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked them the question again.	The CEO
neutral	1	The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant and asked them to pay.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff protected the writer and gave them a gun.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about them.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The manager gave the attendant tips and asked them to bring some cookies.	The manager
neutral	1	The analyst argued with the designer and splash them.	The analyst
neutral	1	The driver yelled at the tailor and called them a fool.	The driver
neutral	1	The supervisor lied to the clerk and gave them incorrect information.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The janitor laughed at the assistant and treated them bad.	The janitor
neutral	1	The chief praised the accountant and offered them a promotion.	The chief
neutral	1	The chief called the counselor and told them that they could have the day off.	The chief
neutral	1	The janitor cleaned for the writer and handed them a note.	The janitor
neutral	1	The mechanic borrowed the broom from the housekeeper and then kissed them.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The manager asked the accountant for help and then wrote them a recommendation.	The manager
neutral	1	The supervisor hit the cashier and then issued them an apology.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The chief was unable to help the clerk and then cried for them.	The chief
neutral	1	The construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then hugged them.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The construction worker hammered the nail for the attendant and then demanded they pay.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at them.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The physician related the concerns to the teacher and scolded them for poorly following instructions.	The physician
neutral	1	The lawyer accused the baker of negligence and then sued them.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The construction worker broke down in front of the hairdresser and begged them to stop.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The developer was unable to help the librarian get organized and instead gave them a computer.	The developer
neutral	1	The sheriff gave the secretary no more chances and arrested them.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed them a gun.	The guard
neutral	1	The janitor cleaned for the secretary and grew to admire them for their beauty.	The janitor
neutral	1	The laborer asked the clerk for a favor but secretly hated them.	The laborer
neutral	1	The driver gave the housekeeper a car and told them where to go.	The driver
neutral	1	The laborer was unable to make the housekeeper move and yelled at them relentlessly.	The laborer
neutral	1	The mover judged the cleaner to be weak and moved their desk.	The mover
neutral	1	The developer was rude to the secretary and tripped them.	The developer
neutral	1	The janitor was friendly with the cleaner and like them.	The janitor
neutral	1	The salesperson likes to play tricks on the cashier and demanded money from them.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The carpenter often built objects for the attendant and got their love.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The chief noticed the hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated them.	The chief
neutral	1	The laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded them pay.	The laborer
neutral	1	The guard cared about the teacher and so protected them.	The guard
neutral	1	The carpenter showed the nurse the injury and told them what happened.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The construction worker confirmed the accountant could do the work and handed the form to them.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The laborer told the editor that they needed a job and handed them the application.	The laborer
neutral	1	The lawyer talked the auditor and told them to provide documentation.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The CEO got goods from the cashier and then paid them.	The CEO
neutral	1	The laborer always used the assistant for help and handed them a hammer.	The laborer
neutral	1	The laborer wanted to help the assistant and dug them a hole.	The laborer
neutral	1	The farmer screamed at the nurse and asked them for an examination.	The farmer
neutral	1	The manager talked to the auditor and told them to stay late.	The manager
neutral	1	The guard saw the receptionist take the pen and accused them.	The guard
neutral	1	The developer needed the clerk 's help with paperwork and asked them.	The developer
neutral	1	The driver needed the nurse to perform an examination and asked them.	The driver
neutral	1	The manager noticed the clerk was slacking off and told them to report to work early.	The manager
neutral	1	The farmer needed the accountant for crop tabulation and asked them for help.	The farmer
neutral	1	The analyst noticed the teacher was bad at math and made fun of them.	The analyst
neutral	1	The supervisor noticed the nurse performs bad injections and sent them to remedial study.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The laborer reached the auditor for an inspection but offended them instead.	The laborer
neutral	1	The carpenter admired the receptionist and made them a chair.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The farmer 's sanity was questioned by the counselor and was forced to take their test.	The farmer
neutral	1	The construction worker was a fan of the writer and read their books.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The manager noticed the teacher performing well and gave them a raise.	The manager
neutral	1	The farmer confronted the auditor and asked them to leave.	The farmer
neutral	1	The CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the counselor and freely submitted to their examination.	The CEO
neutral	1	The salesperson noticed the accountant never bought anything and then hated them.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The chief bought bread from the baker and paid them.	The chief
neutral	1	The driver needed to transport the counselor and picked them up that morning.	The driver
neutral	1	The construction worker knew the nurse was the best and asked them for an examination.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The supervisor confronted the librarian and told them to produce the book.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The CEO noticed a problem in the clerk 's reports and asked them to produce evidence.	The CEO
neutral	1	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book and asked them to.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The analyst noticed the cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded them.	The analyst
neutral	1	The supervisor noticed the hairdresser 's long hair and told them to get a haircut.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The construction worker was not trustful of the baker and never bought their bread.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The CEO was ignored by the designer and so rejected their proposal.	The CEO
neutral	1	The CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked them to leave.	The CEO
neutral	1	The salesperson noticed the baker 's disgusting kitchen and told them to stop selling bread.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The driver was embarrassed by the librarian 's silly hat and never drove them anywhere.	The driver
neutral	1	The farmer noticed the receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted them.	The farmer
neutral	1	The cook loved the librarian 's books and constantly stole from them.	The cook
neutral	1	The guard admired the secretary and wanted their job.	The guard
neutral	1	The CEO liked the bread from the baker and bought from them regularly.	The CEO
neutral	1	The physician saw the auditor and examined them for sores.	The physician
neutral	1	The manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested they get a new job.	The manager
neutral	1	The analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the receptionist and told them to leave.	The analyst
neutral	1	The mover saw how weak the clerk was and moved the desk for them.	The mover
neutral	1	The construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and waved them in.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The CEO enjoyed telling the housekeeper what to do and told them to sweep up.	The CEO
neutral	1	The laborer constructed the librarian a bookshelf and handed them a bill.	The laborer
neutral	1	The farmer enjoyed silent moments with the hairdresser and constantly went to them.	The farmer
neutral	1	The sheriff thought the cashier took the money and questioned them.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The supervisor noticed the accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated them.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The analyst handed the baker the report and told them it was over.	The analyst
neutral	1	The guard went to the nurse and submitted to their examination.	The guard
neutral	1	The manager talked to the tailor and then asked them to create a new design.	The manager
neutral	1	The analyst offered to help the nurse and then did their taxes.	The analyst
neutral	1	The mechanic recognized the designer and then greeted them.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The carpenter called the hairdresser and then asked them for help.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The supervisor helped the writer and then asked them to return the favor.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The sheriff contacted the designer and then explained them the situation.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The manager approached the nurse and then helped them with a problem.	The manager
neutral	1	The sheriff called the assistant and then gave them orders.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The cook saluted the baker and then offered them some help.	The cook
neutral	1	The mover talked to the accountant and then asked them for advice.	The mover
neutral	1	The analyst asked for a book from the librarian and then borrowed took nothing from them.	The analyst
neutral	1	The sheriff asked for a menu to the attendant and then asked them a question.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The laborer greeted the teacher and started a conversation with them.	The laborer
neutral	1	The salesperson provided a quote to the auditor and then showed them the merchandise.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The CEO talked to the editor and gave them a raise.	The CEO
neutral	1	The janitor spoke to the counselor and explained to them the situation.	The janitor
neutral	1	The laborer approached the baker and asked them about the weather.	The laborer
neutral	1	The mover worked for the teacher and helped them settle in a new apartment.	The mover
neutral	1	The supervisor thanked the auditor and wished them well.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The developer met the editor and asked them for clarifications.	The developer
neutral	1	The guard noticed the librarian and greeted them.	The guard
neutral	1	The construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded them for superior cleaning services.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The driver called the secretary and asked them if they needed a ride.	The driver
neutral	1	The supervisor insulted the assistant and then fired them.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The driver approached the auditor and solicited their help.	The driver
neutral	1	The chief explained the situation to the teacher and felt understood by them.	The chief
neutral	1	The physician went to see the writer and asked them how to write good books.	The physician
neutral	1	The sheriff saluted the clerk and wished them a good day.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The mechanic saw the tailor and explained them the price.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The developer talked to the cashier and then invited them to a cup of coffee.	The developer
neutral	1	The physician contacted the editor and asked them about publishing in a medical journal.	The physician
neutral	1	The farmer explained the business to the clerk and told them about some common troubles.	The farmer
neutral	1	The mechanic talked to the attendant and asked them for a refund.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The mover contacted the auditor and asked them about the next inspection.	The mover
neutral	1	The chief contacted the designer and gave them the requirements for the new logo.	The chief
neutral	1	The physician called the secretary and asked them to cancel an appointment.	The physician
neutral	1	The farmer went to the cashier and asked them about a deposit.	The farmer
neutral	1	The salesperson paid the tailor and thanked them for a job well done.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The chief talked to the librarian and asked them for a book recommendation.	The chief
neutral	1	The janitor met the accountant and wished them well.	The janitor
neutral	1	The janitor met the accountant and wished them well.	The janitor
neutral	1	The chief notified the assistant and asked them to take note.	The chief
neutral	1	The carpenter spoke to the teacher and asked them science questions.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The lawyer contacted the assistant and asked them to book a new appointment.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The laborer noticed the designer and greeted them enthusiastically.	The laborer
neutral	1	The cook met the clerk and asked them for assistance on paperwork.	The cook
neutral	1	The analyst went to the cashier and asked them to deposit a check.	The analyst
neutral	1	The guard met with the writer and asked them for an autograph.	The guard
neutral	1	The lawyer represented the housekeeper and helped them win the case.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The cook called the accountant and explained to them the financial situation.	The cook
neutral	1	The CEO called the hairdresser and paid them over the phone.	The CEO
neutral	1	The carpenter contacted the cleaner and asked them to clean the house.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The lawyer heard the arguments from the counselor and contested their account of the events.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The developer went to the teacher and asked them about the weather.	The developer
neutral	1	The manager offered a raise the housekeeper and they gladly accepted it.	The manager
neutral	1	The mover met the editor and asked them about the magazine business.	The mover
neutral	1	The lawyer made eye contact with the clerk and smiled at them.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The farmer greeted the editor and asked them for the time.	The farmer
neutral	1	The analyst met the attendant and thanked them for the service.	The analyst
neutral	1	The farmer saw the baker had a lot of bread and asked them to share.	The farmer
neutral	1	The guard noted the cashier being careless and asked them to be careful.	The guard
neutral	1	The mover offered the receptionist a hand and moved their desk.	The mover
neutral	1	The guard tried to be friends with the accountant and bought them a calculator.	The guard
neutral	1	The analyst loved getting haircuts from the hairdresser and went to them often.	The analyst
neutral	1	The cook served food to the editor and left them satisfied.	The cook
neutral	1	The construction worker handed the paperwork to the clerk and asked them to process the application.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The construction worker met the designer and asked them many questions about the design.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The driver gave a ride to the editor and provided them a bottle of water.	The driver
neutral	1	The CEO was thankful to the auditor and trusted their good judgment.	The CEO
neutral	1	The driver went to the cashier and asked them to help process a withdrawal.	The driver
neutral	1	The salesperson saw the counselor and sold them some books.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The cook prepared a meal for the tailor and they were very thankful.	The cook
neutral	1	The driver offered a ride to the teacher and picked them up on time.	The driver
neutral	1	The lawyer was retained by the writer and then they received legal assistance.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The manager met with the editor and showed them the office.	The manager
neutral	1	The CEO received a new suit from the tailor and then proceeded to pay them.	The CEO
neutral	1	The mechanic waved at the librarian and walked away from them.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The physician met the cleaner and asked them to clean the office.	The physician
neutral	1	The driver was mean to the cleaner and complained about their service.	The driver
neutral	1	The carpenter taught the craft to the assistant and did not let them to get distracted.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff waved at the cleaner and walked towards them.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The supervisor smiled at the housekeeper and asked them to prepare some tea.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The manager chatted with the receptionist and praised them for their outstanding work.	The manager
neutral	1	The mechanic visited the writer and helped on fixing their car engine.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The salesperson talked to the housekeeper for a while and convinced them to buy the product.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The janitor stopped the editor and showed them how to clean the floor.	The janitor
neutral	1	The lawyer asked the cleaner some questions and then decided to help them without pay.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The salesperson talked to the hairdresser and tried to sell something to them.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The construction worker walked towards the librarian and asked them to leave the construction area.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The driver smiled at the attendant and asked them when to pick the boss.	The driver
neutral	1	The carpenter talked to the librarian and asked them to recommend some books to read.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The physician wanted to meet with the counselor and ask them how to deal with the medical accident.	The physician
neutral	1	The carpenter owed the counselor some money and had to make furniture for them.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The janitor followed the cashier and found out that they stole some money from the store.	The janitor
neutral	1	The sheriff showed the accountant some documents and told them that they were arrested.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The janitor asked the hairdresser some questions and let them in.	The janitor
neutral	1	The janitor talked to the nurse for a while and gave them a Christmas present.	The janitor
neutral	1	The salesperson smiled at the nurse and thanked them for buying the insurance.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The sheriff walked towards the hairdresser and criticized them for breaking the traffic rules.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The laborer visited the counselor and ask them for help.	The laborer
neutral	1	The salesperson asked the secretary to leave and fired them.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The supervisor blamed the receptionist for the mistake and fired them.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The mover greeted the librarian and asked them where the books were.	The mover
neutral	1	The chief visited the tailor and helped them to prepare the dinner.	The chief
neutral	1	The guard asked the counselor a few questions and let them enter the office.	The guard
neutral	1	The sheriff helped the receptionist and they were very grateful for that.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The mechanic called the nurse and asked them how to deal with the broken leg.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The cook dislikes the cleaner because they broke the stove.	The cook
neutral	1	The sheriff visited the teacher and asked them some questions.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The farmer understood the cleaner and sent them some money.	The farmer
neutral	1	The mover yelled at the baker and asked them to leave.	The mover
neutral	1	The developer recognized the receptionist and asked them where the lobby was.	The developer
neutral	1	The guard works harder than the clerk and gets more appreciation than them.	The guard
neutral	1	The construction worker talked to the cashier and hoped to have the same salary as them.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The driver recognized the receptionist and introduced the boss to them.	The driver
neutral	1	The salesperson greeted the attendant and tried to sell them something.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The cook told the receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded them to wear suits.	The cook
neutral	1	The lawyer called the accountant to consult them about the book.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The manager talked to the assistant and praised them for the hard work.	The manager
neutral	1	The cook visited the writer to learn writing from them.	The cook
neutral	1	The supervisor talked with the tailor and was impressed by their talent.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The chief complained something to the cashier but they were not listening.	The chief
neutral	1	The chief talked to the secretary and showed them thanks.	The chief
neutral	1	The supervisor invited the designer to the party and they smiled.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The carpenter shouted at the secretary and drove them away.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The lawyer met with the secretary and asked them to prepare the documents.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The cook walked towards the counselor and asked them some questions.	The cook
neutral	1	The construction worker smiled at the auditor and handed them some water.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The analyst chatted with the writer and expressed interest in their work.	The analyst
neutral	1	The guard helped the assistant and told them to be careful next time.	The guard
neutral	1	The physician talked with the attendant and was surprised about their knowledge.	The physician
neutral	1	The laborer asked the accountant to join the meeting but they forgot.	The laborer
neutral	1	The analyst chatted with the editor and wanted to collaborate with them.	The analyst
neutral	1	The salesperson talked to the receptionist and convinced them to buy the insurance.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The supervisor met up with the teacher and told them the concerns.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The physician called the clerk and asked them about the product.	The physician
neutral	1	The chief thanked the nurse and handed them a present.	The chief
neutral	1	The analyst met the accountant and recommended them some job positions.	The analyst
neutral	1	The construction worker helped the receptionist and got a present from them.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The guard visited the hairdresser and thanked them.	The guard
neutral	1	The developer walked towards the accountant and gave them a cup of coffee.	The developer
neutral	1	The manager meets the counselor regularly and asks them for suggestions.	The manager
neutral	1	The lawyer called the teacher to ask them the performance of the kid.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The mechanic walked towards the secretary and asked them where the machine was.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The supervisor talked to the baker and taught them a lot.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The janitor showed the housekeeper the direction and led them to the kitchen.	The janitor
neutral	1	The supervisor disliked the counselor and fired them.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The CEO contacted the writer and asked for their suggestions about the book.	The CEO
neutral	1	The mechanic hates the hairdresser after they finished the ugly haircut.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The carpenter borrowed the tool from the cashier but returned nothing to them.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff talked with the auditor and wanted to hear their opinion.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The carpenter wanted to thank the baker and made a chair for them.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The lawyer wanted to help the designer but they refused.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The mechanic got angry with the accountant and complained to the boss about them.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The cook sent the cashier a present and expressed thanks to them.	The cook
neutral	6	The cleaner eats more than the laborer because they work harder.	the laborer
neutral	1	The mechanic learned a lot from the teacher and sent them a thankful card.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The guard passed the box to the baker and appreciated their baking skills.	The guard
neutral	1	The guard stopped the tailor and asked for their identification.	The guard
neutral	1	The analyst asked the clerk some questions and thanked them.	The analyst
neutral	1	The lawyer asked the nurse about the operation and thanked them.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The carpenter stopped the housekeeper and helped them.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff opened the door for the housekeeper and waited for them to pass by.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The physician asked the receptionist about the booking price and thanked them.	The physician
neutral	1	The lawyer saw the editor in the restaurant and greeted them.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The farmer bought a book from the writer and paid them.	The farmer
neutral	1	The sheriff borrowed a book from the librarian but never returned anything to them.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The salesperson talked to the teacher and invited them to dinner.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The janitor cleaned for the baker and asked them for the tips.	The janitor
neutral	1	The cook got the phone call from the nurse and began to prepare the lunch for them.	The cook
neutral	1	The developer successfully sold the housekeeper the product and helped them to set up.	The developer
neutral	1	The driver dropped the accountant at the corner and asked them to watch out when crossing the street.	The driver
neutral	1	The manager discussed with the designer for a long time and tried to convince them to sell this idea.	The manager
neutral	1	The mechanic not only explained several terms to the counselor but also wrote some down for them.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The mechanic opened the door for the cleaner and led them to the room.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The mover followed the writer 's instruction and waited outside their apartment.	The mover
neutral	1	The carpenter stopped the tailor from entering the workspace and talked to them.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The construction worker asked the assistant to make a list of today 's meetings and thanked them.	The construction worker
neutral	1	The supervisor asked the secretary to stop by and assigned a task to them.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The chief hired the receptionist and bought them a new phone for work.	The chief
neutral	1	The janitor talked with the auditor and passed them the files.	The janitor
neutral	1	The analyst met the tailor at home and asked them to make a new suit.	The analyst
neutral	1	The sheriff stopped the nurse and hugged them for the great help.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The janitor met the receptionist and got the key from them every day.	The janitor
neutral	1	The mover went to the tailor 's house and helped them move the boxes.	The mover
neutral	1	The developer dropped by the nurse and discussed with them about the surgery.	The developer
neutral	1	The mechanic helped the baker fix the machine and charged them 1000 dollars.	The mechanic
neutral	1	The salesperson called the editor and asked them to write an article about the company.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The mover arrived early at the counselor 's house and offered to help them.	The mover
neutral	1	The supervisor stopped the cleaner and told them not to clean that room.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The lawyer called the tailor and made an appointment with them.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The cook decided to fire the secretary and told them not to come here next Monday.	The cook
neutral	1	The farmer consulted the secretary about many things and invited them to dinner.	The farmer
neutral	1	The farmer hired an assistant and told them to come to work twice a week.	The farmer
neutral	1	The supervisor had a quarrel with the attendant and decided to fire them.	The supervisor
neutral	1	The manager asked the librarian a lot of questions and thanked them in the end.	The manager
neutral	1	The mover discussed with the nurse about the surgery and thanked them.	The mover
neutral	1	The farmer drove the attendant to the railway station and gave them a gift.	The farmer
neutral	1	The developer consulted with the counselor for hours and paid them a lot of money.	The developer
neutral	1	The physician examined the accountant in detail and told them nothing to worry about.	The physician
neutral	1	The laborer saw the tailor at the corner and talked to them for 2 hours.	The laborer
neutral	1	The physician hired a housekeeper and told them to work every day.	The physician
neutral	1	The sheriff chatted with the tailor and invited them to dinner later.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The driver crashed into the designer 's artifact and paid them a lot.	The driver
neutral	1	The sheriff returned the expired cake to the baker and asked them to return the money.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The janitor asked the clerk how to find the meeting room and thanked them.	The janitor
neutral	1	The developer did not find the attendant in the room and left them a note.	The developer
neutral	1	The carpenter went to the writer 's house and fixed the window for them.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The cook needed the attendant to be a taste tester and asked them.	The cook
neutral	1	The analyst needed to get the housekeeper into the house and paid them to do so.	The analyst
neutral	1	The guard wanted to spite the attendant and sabotaged them.	The guard
neutral	1	The physician noticed the librarian 's eye twitched and treated them.	The physician
neutral	1	The driver begged the writer to help and offered to pay them.	The driver
neutral	1	The mover refused to move the artwork where the designer asked and demanded they reconsider.	The mover
neutral	1	The driver perceived the baker 's frailty and helped them with deliveries.	The driver
neutral	1	The carpenter did not know what do when the auditor arrived and simply gave them all the paperwork.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The developer wanted free bread from the baker and made up a story for them about not having a kitchen.	The developer
neutral	1	The chief was worried for the auditor 's safety and asked them to stop snooping.	The chief
neutral	1	The CEO was worried that the teacher liked to ignore students and called them.	The CEO
neutral	1	The physician was concerned for the hairdresser and examined them for cuts.	The physician
neutral	1	The janitor hated working for the tailor but did what they said.	The janitor
neutral	1	The chief never wanted to help the attendant and refused their request.	The chief
neutral	1	The laborer envied the attendant 's job and told them so.	The laborer
neutral	1	The carpenter received the editor 's order and made them a table.	The carpenter
neutral	1	The sheriff tried to control the editor 's newspaper and asked them to stop publishing.	The sheriff
neutral	1	The chief was always hounding the editor and told them to redo the work.	The chief
neutral	1	The cook tried to trick the auditor and showed them a different kitchen.	The cook
neutral	1	The salesperson tried to convince the designer that something was wrong but instead made them mad.	The salesperson
neutral	1	The sheriff saw a video of the counselor and went to interview them.	The sheriff
neutral	5	Being exhausted from work, the analyst called the counselor and ranted to them.	the analyst
neutral	1	The physician treated the tailor and suggested they change their lifestyle.	The physician
neutral	1	The physician hired the tailor and pleased them with generous payment for their work.	The physician
neutral	1	The lawyer liked talking to the attendant and asked them to come back tomorrow.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The lawyer was looking for the attendant to ask them about the missing wallet.	The lawyer
neutral	1	The janitor bullied the attendant and took their food.	The janitor
neutral	1	The mover saw the attendant unoccupied and asked them for help.	The mover
neutral	1	The farmer visited the librarian and asked them about the library hours.	The farmer
neutral	1	The driver was annoyed with the assistant and asked them to never come back.	The driver
neutral	1	The chief waited for the cleaner and asked them for a better service.	The chief
neutral	1	The janitor befriended the teacher and told them about staff gossip.	The janitor
neutral	5	The developer argued with the designer because they did not like the design.	the designer
neutral	4	The mechanic gave the clerk a present because they won the lottery.	the clerk
neutral	7	The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because they are grateful.	the housekeeper
neutral	1	The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because they asked.	The assistant
neutral	4	The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because they were satisfied.	the housekeeper
neutral	7	The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was their job.	the librarian
neutral	5	The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because they were mad.	the hairdresser
neutral	7	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because they just learned a new dish.	the teacher
neutral	4	The mover outran the hairdresser because they were in shape.	the hairdresser
neutral	4	The physician told the baker that they tried the best.	the baker
neutral	6	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because they had too many of them.	the housekeeper,
neutral	4	The CEO helped the nurse because they wanted to help.	the nurse
neutral	1	The hairdresser befriended the cook because they gave good tips after a haircut.	The hairdresser
neutral	4	The developer visited the hairdresser because they needed to cut their hair.	the hairdresser
neutral	4	The manager told the hairdresser that they expected something better.	the hairdresser
neutral	4	The driver hit the clerk because they were using a cellphone while driving.	the clerk
neutral	1	The auditor caught the developer cheating because they are dishonest.	The auditor
neutral	7	The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because they are generous.	the receptionist,
neutral	4	The guard saved the editor from the criminals because they were on duty.	the editor
neutral	1	The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson, because they are persuasive.	The assistant
neutral	1	The auditor bought the guard a gift because they are effective.	The auditor
neutral	1	The secretary asked the mover when they are available.	The secretary
neutral	5	The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because they wanted to sell the car.	the cleaner
neutral	4	The farmer asked the designer what they could do to help.	the designer
neutral	4	The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although they had done no work.	the auditor
neutral	4	The manager fired the baker because they were upset.	the baker
neutral	7	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because they thought the disease could be cured.	the designer,
neutral	5	The laborer raced against the hairdresser because they thought it would be easy.	the hairdresser
neutral	4	The physician owed the cashier money because they did not pay the vodka.	the cashier
neutral	1	The hairdresser shouted at the driver because they crashed the car.	The hairdresser
neutral	7	The developer built a website for the tailor because they are an expert in building websites.	the tailor
neutral	6	The farmer ran faster than the tailor because they were in shape.	the tailor
neutral	7	The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and they charged a thousand dollars.	the editor
neutral	1	The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is their first day to work.	The receptionist
neutral	4	The manager fired the cleaner because they were angry.	the cleaner
neutral	1	The cleaner hates the developer because they always leave the room dirty.	The cleaner
neutral	4	The mechanic hired the assistant because they needed help.	the assistant
neutral	1	The writer interviewed the manager because they are very successful.	The writer
neutral	4	The physician told the nurse that they had been busy.	the nurse
neutral	8	The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because they were stressful.	the counselor
neutral	1	The editor called the construction worker because they knew the whole story.	The editor
neutral	4	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because they will travel abroad.	the secretary
neutral	7	The carpenter likes to work with the designer because they can save a lot of time.	the designer
neutral	6	The salesperson tried to fool the writer but they were caught.	the writer
neutral	7	The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because they were testing a new dish.	the housekeeper
neutral	7	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because they had time.	the clerk
neutral	4	The cook asked the designer if their new dish can be improved.	the designer
neutral	1	The cleaner called the guard because they are the only one who can enter the room.	The cleaner
neutral	4	The laborer kicked the cashier because they were drunk.	the cashier
neutral	7	The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and they left the room.	the designer
neutral	5	The mechanic greets with the receptionist because they were in a good mood.	the receptionist
neutral	6	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because they like to teach others.	the assistant
neutral	4	The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because they were grateful.	the teacher
neutral	4	The CEO bought the accountant a car because they are rich.	the accountant
neutral	4	The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and they asked for a tip.	the librarian
neutral	1	The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because they asked to.	The librarian
neutral	4	The chief encouraged the writer because they like the book.	the writer
neutral	8	The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because they only understand the code.	the writer
neutral	1	The nurse was running from the laborer because they smelled awful.	The nurse
neutral	8	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, because they needed to understand the case.	the cashier,
neutral	4	The developer corrected the secretary because they better understood the problem.	the secretary
neutral	7	The mover bought a beer for the cashier because they just got the paycheck.	the cashier
neutral	7	The mover missed the call from the assistant because they were busy.	the assistant
neutral	5	When the supervisor splashed the editor, they got in trouble.	the editor,
neutral	1	The assistant asked the physician if they need any help.	The assistant
neutral	6	The laborer eats more than the receptionist as they are hungry.	the receptionist
neutral	6	The construction worker stared at the teacher because they were angry.	the teacher
neutral	1	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because they were under a contract to build a house.	The secretary
neutral	6	The CEO could not understand the attendant, because they were deaf.	the attendant,
neutral	8	The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because they are generous.	the accountant
neutral	4	The sheriff protected the writer because they uphold the peace.	the writer
neutral	6	The mechanic looked down on the cashier because they are arrogant.	the cashier
neutral	7	The manager has more money than the attendant since they are more senior.	the attendant
neutral	5	The analyst argued with the designer, because they thought the budget is too high.	the designer,
neutral	5	The driver yelled at the tailor after they found out the window is broken.	the tailor
neutral	1	The clerk misled the supervisor so they got confused.	The clerk
neutral	1	The assistant laughed at the janitor because they told a funny joke.	The assistant
neutral	4	The chief praised the accountant because they were satisfied.	the accountant
neutral	4	The chief told the counselor that they took the day off.	the counselor
neutral	4	The janitor handed the writer a book because they wanted feedback.	the writer
neutral	4	The mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then they issued a receipt.	the housekeeper
neutral	4	The manager asked the accountant for the books because they felt the work was wrong.	the accountant
neutral	5	The supervisor yelled at the cashier because they liked to pick on their employees.	the cashier
neutral	4	The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because they looked carefully through the records.	the clerk
neutral	6	The construction worker prayed for the tailor because they were faithful.	the tailor
neutral	5	The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose their car.	the attendant
neutral	4	The salesperson handed the clerk money because they found it on the floor.	the clerk
neutral	4	The physician examined the teacher and they were unable to find the source of the illness.	the teacher
neutral	4	The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because they often jumped to conclusions.	the baker
neutral	5	The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut their sideburns before anything else.	the hairdresser
neutral	9	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because they liked the internet better than books.	the librarian
neutral	4	The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because they were cold.	the secretary
neutral	4	The guard complimented the designer for meeting their expectations.	the designer
neutral	7	The janitor fell in love with the secretary because they were always attracted to nice hands.	the secretary
neutral	6	The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because they were stronger.	the clerk
neutral	4	The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because they had a car.	the housekeeper
neutral	4	The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering them.	the housekeeper
neutral	7	The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because they constantly do favors for people.	the cleaner
neutral	6	The developer was rude to the secretary because they were in a bad mood.	the secretary
neutral	7	The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because they liked everyone.	the cleaner
neutral	6	The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because they like to give orders.	the cashier
neutral	4	The carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove their love.	the attendant
neutral	4	The chief interrogated the hairdresser because they noticed a clue at the salon.	the hairdresser
neutral	4	The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because they thought tools are good presents.	the secretary
neutral	4	The guard protected the teacher because they were brave.	the teacher
neutral	1	The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of their health.	The nurse
neutral	9	The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because they didn't know what to do.	the accountant
neutral	7	The laborer handed the application to the editor because they want the job.	the editor
neutral	4	The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because they needed to present proof in court.	the auditor
neutral	4	The CEO gave the cashier cash because they wanted to pay for their goods.	the cashier
neutral	4	The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because they were tired of working.	the assistant
neutral	7	The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because they had a shovel.	the assistant
neutral	1	The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because they were screaming.	The nurse
neutral	4	The manager asked the auditor to stay late because they are often demanding.	the auditor
neutral	4	The guard accused the receptionist of theft because they were missing their pen.	the receptionist
neutral	4	The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because they did not know how the system works.	the clerk
neutral	4	The driver asked the nurse for an examination because they were feeling ill.	the nurse
neutral	4	The manager told the clerk to report to work early because they are abusive.	the clerk
neutral	4	The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because they found the work confusing.	the accountant
neutral	8	The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because they were a bully.	the teacher
neutral	4	The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because they noticed poorly executed injections.	the nurse
neutral	6	The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because they did not expect an audit.	the auditor
neutral	8	The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because they were in love.	the receptionist
neutral	9	The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove they were sane.	the counselor
neutral	6	The construction worker knew of the writer because they read books.	the writer
neutral	9	The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because they were generous.	the teacher
neutral	4	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because they were the owner.	the auditor
neutral	6	The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because their mental stability was questioned.	the counselor
neutral	4	The salesperson hated the accountant because they hated all the customers.	the accountant
neutral	4	The chief handed the baker money in payment for their purchase.	the baker
neutral	4	The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because they were paid.	the counselor
neutral	5	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because they were injured.	the nurse
neutral	4	The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because they were suspicious.	the librarian
neutral	4	The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy their concerns.	the clerk
neutral	4	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because they do not know how a library works.	the librarian
neutral	4	The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because they were bossy.	the cleaner
neutral	4	The supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because they were shallow.	the hairdresser
neutral	6	The construction worker never trusted the baker because they trusted nobody.	the baker
neutral	4	The CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because they felt ignored.	the designer
neutral	4	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because they wanted privacy.	the cleaner
neutral	4	The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because they found mold in the kitchen.	the baker
neutral	5	The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because they were embarrassed.	the librarian
neutral	5	The farmer trusted in the receptionist because they liked tall people.	the receptionist
neutral	5	The cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to increase their collection.	the librarian
neutral	4	The guard admired the secretary because their job was so dangerous.	the secretary
neutral	5	The CEO constantly visited the baker because they needed bread.	the baker
neutral	4	The physician examined the auditor for sores because they were thorough.	the auditor
neutral	4	The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because they were cruel.	the cashier
neutral	6	The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of their poor report.	the receptionist
neutral	9	The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because they are strong.	the clerk
neutral	5	The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get their answers.	the housekeeper
neutral	4	The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because they liked to tell people what to do.	the housekeeper
neutral	4	The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because they were paid.	the librarian
neutral	8	The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because they did not have to speak.	the hairdresser
neutral	4	The sheriff questioned the cashier because they were told the money was missing.	the cashier
neutral	4	The supervisor berated the accountant for their poor behavior.	the accountant
neutral	4	The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because their calculations were definitive.	the baker
neutral	7	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because they felt very sick.	the nurse
neutral	9	The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but they did not specify a due date.	the tailor
neutral	6	The analyst received care from the nurse but they did not mention their allergies.	the nurse
neutral	9	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because they want to meet expectations.	the designer
neutral	7	The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because they appreciate talent.	the hairdresser
neutral	4	The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but they did not provide a new chair.	the writer
neutral	5	The sheriff complained to the designer because they did not like the logo.	the designer
neutral	8	The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because they were feeling ill.	the nurse
neutral	4	The sheriff trusts the assistant because they are a trustful person.	the assistant
neutral	4	The cook respects the baker because they know how to recognize a good baker.	the baker
neutral	4	The mover hired the accountant because they wanted to balance their finances.	the accountant
neutral	5	The analyst consulted with the librarian because they needed to find a book.	the librarian
neutral	5	The sheriff relies on the attendant because they are a trustful person.	the attendant
neutral	4	The laborer told the teacher that they were also a teacher when younger.	the teacher
neutral	5	The salesperson talked to the auditor because they were worried about the audit.	the auditor
neutral	4	The CEO hired the editor because they fired the last one.	the editor
neutral	7	The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is their job.	the counselor
neutral	4	The laborer told the baker that they needed a cake by tomorrow.	the baker
neutral	4	The mover told the teacher that they needed to make space for the sofa.	the teacher
neutral	9	The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because they had lost track of expenses.	the auditor
neutral	4	The developer contacted the editor because they wanted help editing an article.	the editor
neutral	4	The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and they will be leaving soon.	the librarian
neutral	5	The construction worker hired the cleaner so they can focus only on the construction work.	the cleaner
neutral	8	The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because they wanted to repay a favor.	the secretary
neutral	4	The supervisor asked the assistant to get their schedule for tomorrow.	the assistant
neutral	9	The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because they were afraid.	the auditor
neutral	7	The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because they felt offended.	the teacher
neutral	7	The physician wrote a letter to the writer because they were a fan of one of the writer's books.	the writer
neutral	5	The sheriff talked to the clerk because they needed help with some paperwork.	the clerk
neutral	4	The mechanic hired the tailor because their old tailor left town.	the tailor
neutral	6	The developer needed feedback from the cashier because they were developing a banking system.	the cashier
neutral	4	The physician contacted the editor because they were interested in publishing in a medical journal.	the editor
neutral	4	The farmer visited the clerk so that they can ask about a farming license.	the clerk
neutral	5	The mechanic asked for the attendant because they needed to order some tools.	the attendant
neutral	4	The mover rebuked the auditor because they knew things were fine.	the auditor
neutral	4	The chief hired the designer because they needed a new logo.	the designer
neutral	4	The physician hired the secretary because they were overwhelmed with clients.	the secretary
neutral	5	The farmer complained to the cashier because they were feeling disrespect.	the cashier
neutral	4	The salesperson contacted the tailor because they wanted to fix a suit.	the tailor
neutral	7	The chief returned a book to the librarian but they had damaged the book.	the librarian
neutral	4	The janitor reprimanded the accountant because they had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake.	the accountant
neutral	4	The janitor reprimanded the accountant because they got less allowance.	the accountant
neutral	4	The chief hired the assistant because they needed help with paperwork.	the assistant
neutral	5	The carpenter met with the teacher so that they could fix the cabinets in the classroom.	the teacher
neutral	4	The lawyer hired the assistant because they needed help with many pending cases.	the assistant
neutral	6	The laborer was referred to the designer because they were looking to remodel a house.	the designer
neutral	7	The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because they cooked for one of the office parties.	the clerk
neutral	5	The analyst walked to the cashier because they needed to make a deposit.	the cashier
neutral	8	The guard was a big fan of the writer because they loved romantic novels.	the writer
neutral	4	The lawyer respected the housekeeper because they knew how difficult that job was.	the housekeeper
neutral	6	The cook had to hire the accountant so that they do not have to worry about finances.	the accountant
neutral	4	The CEO liked the hairdresser because they liked the hairstyles provided.	the hairdresser
neutral	4	The carpenter hired the cleaner because their house was a mess.	the cleaner
neutral	5	The lawyer talked with the counselor because they needed to gather additional evidence for the case.	the counselor
neutral	7	The developer had a meeting with the teacher so they could develop a new software for taking class attendance.	the teacher
neutral	4	The manager promoted the housekeeper because they appreciated the dedication.	the housekeeper
neutral	8	The mover went to the house of the editor because they were requested to do so.	the editor
neutral	7	The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but they forgot to get a receipt.	the clerk
neutral	4	The farmer knows the editor because they like the book.	the editor
neutral	6	The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who had messed up their order.	the attendant
neutral	7	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because they were hungry.	the baker
neutral	4	The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because they saw a dangerous person.	the cashier
neutral	6	The mover offered to help the receptionist because they needed to prove their strength.	the receptionist
neutral	6	The guard never talked with the accountant because they never patrolled the interior.	the accountant
neutral	9	The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because they could sit on a comfy chair.	the hairdresser
neutral	5	The cook talked to the editor because they wanted to publish recipes.	the editor
neutral	7	The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that they can start a new development project.	the clerk
neutral	6	The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that they can understand well the design.	the designer
neutral	4	The driver took the editor on a ride because they wanted to show off the city.	the editor
neutral	9	The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because they failed to submit some paperwork on time.	the auditor
neutral	5	The driver went to the cashier because they needed to make a deposit.	the cashier
neutral	5	The salesperson met with the counselor because they were distressed.	the counselor
neutral	5	The cook talked to the tailor because their apron needed to be fixed.	the tailor
neutral	7	The driver offered a ride to the teacher but they had an accident on the way.	the teacher
neutral	4	The lawyer represented the writer because they were a big fan.	the writer
neutral	6	The manager was friendly with the editor so that they receive good publicity.	the editor
neutral	5	The CEO went to the tailor because they needed a new suit.	the tailor
neutral	5	The mechanic stopped by the librarian because they needed to inquire about a book.	the librarian
neutral	4	The physician admonished the cleaner because they found dirt in the office.	the cleaner
neutral	7	The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that they could show up at work on time.	the cleaner
neutral	6	The carpenter had to hire the assistant because they had many new customers.	the assistant
neutral	4	The sheriff told the cleaner that they needed to search the building.	the cleaner
neutral	4	The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because they have a car.	the housekeeper
neutral	4	The manager told the receptionist that they needed some help with the ceremony.	the receptionist
neutral	4	The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and they got some books in return.	the writer
neutral	4	The salesperson asked the housekeeper that if they could meet with the house owner.	the housekeeper
neutral	4	The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because they can get paid more.	the editor
neutral	4	The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because they are a very generous person.	the cleaner
neutral	6	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and they succeeded.	the hairdresser
neutral	7	The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because they made some noise.	the librarian
neutral	1	The attendant blamed the driver because they were late.	The attendant
neutral	5	The carpenter always ask the librarian for help because they can only recognize a few words.	the librarian
neutral	6	The physician wanted to meet the counselor because they had some questions about their responsibility in the medical accident.	the counselor
neutral	4	The carpenter owed the counselor some money and they had to do more work to pay the debt.	the counselor
neutral	4	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and they reported it to the boss.	the cashier
neutral	4	The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because they are a suspicious person.	the accountant
neutral	5	The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because they wanted to have a new haircut.	the hairdresser
neutral	4	The janitor stopped the nurse because they needed to check everyone's identity.	the nurse
neutral	4	The salesperson thanked the nurse because they were taken care of properly.	the nurse
neutral	4	The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but they had no proof.	the hairdresser
neutral	1	The counselor helped the laborer because their salary was too low.	The counselor
neutral	1	The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because they disturbed people in the office.	The secretary
neutral	6	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because they are very strict at work.	the receptionist
neutral	1	The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and they promised to be careful.	The librarian
neutral	4	The chief visited the tailor because they needed to adjust the pants.	the tailor
neutral	4	The guard checked the counselor 's identity because it is their work.	the counselor
neutral	4	The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because they had no idea.	the receptionist
neutral	4	The mechanic called the nurse because they broke their leg.	the nurse
neutral	1	The cleaner is mad at the cook because they made the kitchen dirty again.	The cleaner
neutral	4	The sheriff criticized the teacher because they get criticized by everyone not working at the station.	the teacher
neutral	1	The cleaner got mad at the farmer because they brought lots of dirt.	The cleaner
neutral	5	The baker yelled at the mover because their stove was broken.	the mover
neutral	7	The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because they were not wearing suits.	the receptionist
neutral	1	The clerk earns more than the guard because they are lazy and careless.	The clerk
neutral	5	The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because their job is too tiring.	the cashier
neutral	1	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because they were new in that city.	The receptionist
neutral	4	The salesperson disliked the attendant because they failed to sell the insurance.	the attendant
neutral	1	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because they always forgets.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The accountant contacted the lawyer because they are an expert in handling this kind of case.	The accountant
neutral	6	The manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because they are generous.	the assistant
neutral	7	The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because they are very good at that.	the writer
neutral	6	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because they are easily impressed.	the tailor
neutral	5	The chief complained to the cashier about their observations.	the cashier
neutral	4	The chief thanked the secretary because their salary was raised.	the secretary
neutral	4	The supervisor invited the designer to the party because they wanted everyone to be there.	the designer
neutral	1	The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because they forgot to bring some tools.	The secretary
neutral	4	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because they needed them for the case.	the secretary
neutral	6	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and they were praised for that.	the counselor
neutral	1	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because they knew the details.	The auditor
neutral	4	The analyst visited the writer because they wanted to know about the book.	the writer
neutral	4	The guard protected the assistant because it is their responsibility.	the assistant
neutral	5	The physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom they performed an examination.	the attendant
neutral	4	The laborer called the accountant because they had questions about their salary.	the accountant
neutral	7	The analyst sent a report to the editor because they were required to do so.	the editor
neutral	1	The receptionist drove away the salesperson because they made a lot of noise.	The receptionist
neutral	6	The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments because they have some concerns about overly familiar behavior with students.	the teacher
neutral	1	The clerk visited the physician because they are an expert on the disease.	The clerk
neutral	4	The chief thanked the nurse because they were properly looked after in the hospital.	the nurse
neutral	4	The analyst blamed the accountant because they were in bad mood.	the accountant
neutral	7	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because their carelessness led to the injury.	the receptionist
neutral	4	The guard hates the hairdresser because their haircut got ruined.	the hairdresser
neutral	6	The developer could not understand the accountant because they only know how to code.	the accountant
neutral	4	The manager meets the counselor every week because they want to make sure everything follows the law.	the counselor
neutral	4	The lawyer asked the teacher some questions as they prepared for the trial.	the teacher
neutral	6	The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because they need more business.	the secretary
neutral	4	The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because they like them very much.	the baker
neutral	1	The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because they were new.	The housekeeper
neutral	4	The supervisor called the counselor because they had some questions about the law.	the counselor
neutral	6	The CEO is discussing with the writer about how they would like the story to be written.	the writer
neutral	4	The mechanic told the hairdresser that they need a fancy haircut.	the hairdresser
neutral	6	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because they were overcharged.	the cashier
neutral	4	The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as they are investigating the house.	the auditor
neutral	4	The carpenter told the baker they do not want cheese in the bread.	the baker
neutral	4	The lawyer told the designer they received a lawsuit.	the designer
neutral	5	The mechanic yelled at the accountant because they get angry easily.	the accountant
neutral	6	The cook is talking to the cashier as they put too much salt in one dish.	the cashier
neutral	5	The laborer talked to the cleaner and complained that their salary was too low.	the cleaner
neutral	6	The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course they are taking this semester.	the teacher
neutral	6	The guard is talking to the baker about the thief they caught last night.	the baker
neutral	5	The guard is telling the tailor what design they wants.	the tailor
neutral	6	The analyst was angry at the clerk as they did not get any useful information.	the clerk
neutral	4	The lawyer thanked the nurse for taking good care of them.	the nurse
neutral	4	The carpenter helped the housekeeper fix the window quickly as they were experienced.	the housekeeper
neutral	4	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as they needed to find out the thief.	the housekeeper
neutral	5	The physician argued with the receptionist as their luggage was missing.	the receptionist
neutral	6	The lawyer refused to help the editor as they were too busy.	the editor
neutral	9	The farmer did not want to talk with the writer because they were busy with irrigation.	the writer
neutral	4	The sheriff asked the librarian for help as they could not find the book they needed.	the librarian
neutral	7	The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since they did not visit the school.	the teacher
neutral	6	The janitor does not like the baker because they need to help clean the messy machine every day.	the baker
neutral	4	The cook asked the nurse for help because their mom was sick.	the nurse
neutral	6	The developer tried to convince the housekeeper to buy their software.	the housekeeper
neutral	5	The driver picked up the accountant from the airport after they fueled their car.	the accountant
neutral	4	The manager likes the designer 's product and they agreed to make a purchase.	the designer
neutral	5	The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because they knew little about the legal affairs.	the counselor
neutral	4	The mechanic hired the cleaner because they are too lazy to clean their garage.	the cleaner
neutral	4	The mover helped the writer to pack up otherwise they needed to wait for another two hours.	the writer
neutral	5	The carpenter came to the tailor because they wanted a new suit.	the tailor
neutral	5	The construction worker needs the assistant to remind them about their daily schedule.	the assistant
neutral	4	The supervisor hired the secretary because they have difficulty in keeping everything organized.	the secretary
neutral	4	The chief employed the receptionist because they were too busy to answer those phone calls by himself every day.	the receptionist
neutral	5	The janitor talked to the auditor because they did not know which room they needed to clean up.	the auditor
neutral	5	The analyst goes to the tailor because they need a new suit for their interview.	the tailor
neutral	4	The sheriff asked the nurse to go together because they need help to deal with the accident.	the nurse
neutral	4	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is their first day here.	the receptionist
neutral	4	The mover hit the tailor because they were careless.	the tailor
neutral	5	The developer complained about the nurse because they received bad service.	the nurse
neutral	7	The mechanic received a gift from the baker because they helped with repairing the oven.	the baker
neutral	1	The editor forgot the salesperson 's name because there is nothing special about them.	The editor
neutral	1	The counselor accused the mover because they destroyed some important documents.	The counselor
neutral	4	The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that they were going to raise the salary.	the cleaner
neutral	1	The tailor is the lawyer 's good friend because they need well-fitting suits.	The tailor
neutral	1	The secretary texted the cook what they needed to prepare for the boss.	The secretary
neutral	1	The secretary took down the farmer 's petition which was the hope to improve their life.	The secretary
neutral	4	The farmer kicked the assistant because they were very angry.	the assistant
neutral	4	The supervisor criticized the attendant because they could not tolerate any mistakes.	the attendant
neutral	4	The manager fired the librarian because they found a better candidate.	the librarian
neutral	6	The mover is waiting for the nurse because they broke their arm.	the nurse
neutral	4	The farmer gave the attendant some tips even though they were very poor.	the attendant
neutral	1	The counselor warned the developer that they had to obey the rules.	The counselor
neutral	4	The physician reminded the accountant that they had an appointment with another patient.	the accountant
neutral	4	The laborer owed the tailor because they were too poor to pay the bill.	the tailor
neutral	1	The housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because they know about medicine.	The housekeeper
neutral	4	The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and they received an award for that.	the tailor
neutral	4	The driver brought the designer some ideas which they were very proud of.	the designer
neutral	1	The baker is afraid of the sheriff because they look very serious.	The baker
neutral	4	The janitor gave the clerk some documents which included their personal information.	the clerk
neutral	1	The attendant recognized the developer because they are very famous.	The attendant
neutral	1	The writer wrote a book about the carpenter because their story is very moving.	The writer
neutral	4	The cook asked the attendant to try the cake because they had no other friends.	the attendant
neutral	4	The analyst employed the housekeeper because they could not stand housework.	the housekeeper
neutral	5	The guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that they did want it.	the attendant
neutral	4	The physician examined the librarian for eye problems because they had the correct equipment.	the librarian
neutral	4	The driver asked the writer to help with a poem because they had never written anything in their life.	the writer
neutral	6	The mover refused to obey the designer because they did not think the pedestal could support the artworks weight.	the designer
neutral	7	The driver picked up bread from the baker because they were employed as a delivery service.	the baker
neutral	7	The carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor 's visit but they did not have the correct paperwork.	the auditor
neutral	6	The developer traded services with the baker because they did not own a kitchen.	the baker
neutral	4	The chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because they thought there was too much danger.	the auditor
neutral	4	The CEO called the teacher to talk about their son 's performance.	the teacher
neutral	4	The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because they were concerned.	the hairdresser
neutral	5	The janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because they were told to do so.	the tailor
neutral	6	The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was not their job.	the attendant
neutral	6	The laborer wanted to take the attendant 's job because they were tired of manual labor.	the attendant
neutral	4	The carpenter asked the editor if they wanted a table.	the editor
neutral	4	The sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because they could not stand negative press.	the editor
neutral	4	The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because they were not satisfied.	the editor
neutral	7	The cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because they knew the problems in the kitchen were easy to find.	the auditor
neutral	6	The salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because they knew the customers well.	the designer
neutral	4	The sheriff told the counselor that they would arrive in the afternoon.	the counselor
neutral	4	The analyst asked the counselor about their recent nightmares.	the counselor
neutral	6	Last Saturday, the physician called the tailor to fix their suit.	the tailor
neutral	9	The lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant, because they liked to help.	the attendant,
neutral	7	During lunch, the janitor looked for the attendant to listen to their story about the bathroom.	the attendant
neutral	5	When the mover arrived, the attendant was surprised by their enormous truck.	the attendant
neutral	8	When the winter comes, the farmer visited the librarian frequently because their work required less attention.	the librarian
neutral	1	The assistant hired the driver as they offered an excellent service.	The assistant
neutral	4	The chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after their office was clean.	the cleaner
neutral	1	The teacher and the janitor were chatting about their overwhelming cleaning duties.	The teacher
neutral	1	The designer argued with the developer and slapped them in the face.	The designer
neutral	1	The clerk gave the mechanic a present and wished them happy birthday.	The clerk
neutral	1	The housekeeper said thank you to the mover and give them a hug.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The assistant got some document from the analyst and helped them do the scanning.	The assistant
neutral	1	The housekeeper cleaned the room for the chief and asked them for tips.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The librarian gave some books to the salesperson and asked them to read.	The librarian
neutral	1	The hairdresser yelled at the lawyer and asked them not to come again.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave them some tips.	The teacher
neutral	1	The hairdresser outran the mover and laughed at them.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The baker gave the physician a bread and thank them for the help.	The baker
neutral	1	The housekeeper gave the farmer an apple and wished them had a good day.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The nurse took care of the CEO and gave them some health suggestions.	The nurse
neutral	1	The hairdresser cut the cook 's hair and asked them for tips.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The hairdresser visited the developer and congratulated them for the promotion.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The hairdresser spoke with the manager and asked them for help.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The clerk argued with the driver and refused to pay them tips.	The clerk
neutral	1	The auditor caught the developer cheating and reported them.	The auditor
neutral	1	The receptionist spoke with the CEO and asked them for a promotion.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The editor asked the guard to leave the room and asked them to say nothing.	The editor
neutral	1	The assistant bought a computer from the salesperson and asked them how to use.	The assistant
neutral	1	The auditor bought the guard a gift and wish them had a nice holiday.	The auditor
neutral	1	The secretary called the mover and asked them to come.	The secretary
neutral	1	The cleaner chatted with the salesperson and asked them to deliver a vacuum.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The designer called the farmer and asked them a few questions.	The designer
neutral	1	The auditor examined the finance report by the mechanic and helped them identify a few errors.	The auditor
neutral	1	The baker argued with the manager and threw them a bread.	The baker
neutral	1	The designer made an appointment with the physician and asked them to prescribe the medicine.	The designer
neutral	1	The hairdresser raced against the laborer and outran them.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The cashier owed the physician money and refused to pay them back.	The cashier
neutral	1	The hairdresser shouted at the driver and got out of their car.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged them one thousand dollars.	The tailor
neutral	1	The tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked them to put on.	The tailor
neutral	1	The editor called the mechanic and told them to read the latest newspaper.	The editor
neutral	1	The receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave them a candy.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The cleaner wrote to the manager and ask them for advice.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean their room.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thank them for the help.	The assistant
neutral	1	The writer interviewed the manager and asked them a few questions.	The writer
neutral	1	The nurse saw the physician and asked them to take a look at the patient.	The nurse
neutral	1	The counselor met the construction worker and told them tomorrow is another day.	The counselor
neutral	1	The editor called the construction worker and asked them what happened.	The editor
neutral	1	The secretary came to the analyst 's office and helped them to book a flight.	The secretary
neutral	1	The designer collaborated with the carpenter and gave them a blueprint.	The designer
neutral	1	The writer tried to fool the salesperson and told them a fake story.	The writer
neutral	1	The housekeeper cleaned the room for the cook and wait them for tips.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The clerk told to the carpenter and asked them to make a desk.	The clerk
neutral	1	The designer showed the cook a blueprint and asked them for feedback.	The designer
neutral	1	The cleaner called the guard and asked them to open the door.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The cashier kicked the laborer and refused to apologize to them.	The cashier
neutral	1	The designer called the janitor and asked them to clean the room.	The designer
neutral	1	The receptionist greeted the mechanic and gave them an apple.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The assistant helped the cook for preparing food and learned from them.	The assistant
neutral	1	The teacher gave the farmer a book and asked them to read.	The teacher
neutral	1	The accountant sent documents to the CEO and asked them to sign.	The accountant
neutral	1	The librarian gave the janitor a book and asked them to return on time.	The librarian
neutral	1	The librarian stared at the CEO and asked them to leave.	The librarian
neutral	1	The writer sold a book to the chief and ask them to pay.	The writer
neutral	1	The writer likes to have a coffee with the developer and discussed with them.	The writer
neutral	1	The nurse examined the laborer and call them an ambulance.	The nurse
neutral	1	The cashier hired the lawyer and gave them all the information.	The cashier
neutral	1	The secretary corrected the developer and told them not to worry.	The secretary
neutral	1	The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank them for the help.	The cashier
neutral	1	The assistant missed the call from the mover and called them back.	The assistant
neutral	1	The editor splashed the supervisor and yelled at them.	The editor
neutral	1	The assistant called the physician and asked them for money.	The assistant
neutral	1	The receptionist hated the laborer and sabotaged them.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The teacher stared at the construction worker and asked them a question.	The teacher
neutral	1	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker and ask them a few questions.	The secretary
neutral	1	The attendant could not understand the CEO and asked them the question again.	The attendant
neutral	1	The accountant prepared the tax report for the carpenter and asked them to pay.	The accountant
neutral	1	The writer called the sheriff and asked them to help.	The writer
neutral	1	The cashier looked down on the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about them.	The cashier
neutral	1	The attendant brought some cookies to the manager and told them to choose one.	The attendant
neutral	1	The designer argued with the analyst and splash them.	The designer
neutral	1	The tailor yelled at the driver and called them a fool.	The tailor
neutral	1	The clerk misled the supervisor and gave them incorrect information.	The clerk
neutral	1	The assistant laughed at the janitor and treated them bad.	The assistant
neutral	1	The accountant called the chief and thank them for the offer.	The accountant
neutral	1	The counselor called the chief and asked them for a permission.	The counselor
neutral	1	The writer wrote the janitor a poem and handed them a bill.	The writer
neutral	1	The housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the mechanic and then kissed them.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The accountant asked the manager for help and hoping that they would.	The accountant
neutral	1	The cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped their mother.	The cashier
neutral	1	The clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about them.	The clerk
neutral	1	The tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed them.	The tailor
neutral	1	The attendant lost the construction worker 's car and then apologized to them.	The attendant
neutral	1	The clerk hated the salesperson and sabotaged them.	The clerk
neutral	1	The teacher asked the  physician about the best course of action and believed them.	The teacher
neutral	1	The baker handed the lawyer some bread and then asked them to pay.	The baker
neutral	1	The hairdresser broke down in front of the construction worker and begged them to stop.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The librarian was unable to find the book for the developer and instead offered them a magazine.	The librarian
neutral	1	The secretary asked the sheriff to move their car and accused them of carelessness.	The secretary
neutral	1	The designer gave the guard a hat and then stole their gun.	The designer
neutral	1	The secretary watched the janitor clean and grew to admire them for their beauty.	The secretary
neutral	1	The clerk tricked the laborer out of their money and secretly hated them.	The clerk
neutral	1	The housekeeper gave the driver a broom and told them where to clean.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The housekeeper couldn't understand the laborer and stared at them.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered them a trade.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The secretary hated the developer and was rude to them.	The secretary
neutral	1	The cleaner did favors for the janitor and was liked by them.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The cashier admired the salesperson and despite feeling tricked, gave them money.	The cashier
neutral	1	The attendant was always impressed by the carpenter 's gestures and understood their love.	The attendant
neutral	1	The hairdresser approached the chief and asked them for mercy.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The secretary was shocked at the laborer 's behavior and asked them to stop.	The secretary
neutral	1	The teacher told the guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by them.	The teacher
neutral	1	The nurse examined the carpenter and sent them to the hospital.	The nurse
neutral	1	The accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from them.	The accountant
neutral	1	The editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited them to apply.	The editor
neutral	1	The auditor saw the lawyer and provided them the documentation.	The auditor
neutral	1	The cashier was handed money by the CEO and then gave them goods.	The cashier
neutral	1	The assistant likes to help the laborer and so held the hammer for them.	The assistant
neutral	1	The assistant needed the laborer 's help and asked them to a dig a hole.	The assistant
neutral	1	The nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined them.	The nurse
neutral	1	The auditor talked to the manager and told them to stop complaining.	The auditor
neutral	1	The receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked them.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The clerk freely offered to help the developer with paperwork and they accepted.	The clerk
neutral	1	The nurse noticed the driver limping and examined them.	The nurse
neutral	1	The clerk tried to hide their behavior from the manager but failed to trick them.	The clerk
neutral	1	The accountant was willing to help the farmer tabulate crops and offered them help.	The accountant
neutral	1	The teacher showed the analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by them.	The teacher
neutral	1	The nurse performed a bad injection in front of the supervisor and got sent to remedial study by them.	The nurse
neutral	1	The auditor tried to warn the laborer but instead confused them.	The auditor
neutral	1	The receptionist needed the carpenter to create a chair and asked them.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The counselor questioned the farmer 's sanity and forced them to take a test.	The counselor
neutral	1	The writer never met the construction worker and did not want to meet them.	The writer
neutral	1	The teacher performed well for the manager and asked them for a raise.	The teacher
neutral	1	The auditor needed to examine the farmer 's farm and arrived at their door in the morning.	The auditor
neutral	1	The counselor was ordered to examine the CEO and proceeded to their home.	The counselor
neutral	1	The accountant never bought anything from the salesperson and hated all their offerings.	The accountant
neutral	1	The baker gave the bread the chief and received their payment.	The baker
neutral	1	The counselor needed a ride from the driver and called them to schedule a morning pick up.	The counselor
neutral	1	The nurse saw the construction worker get injured and examined them.	The nurse
neutral	1	The librarian hid the book from the supervisor and told them to look somewhere else.	The librarian
neutral	1	The clerk needed to satisfy the CEO and produced a report for them.	The clerk
neutral	1	The librarian satisfied the lawyer 's request and handed them a book.	The librarian
neutral	1	The cleaner never picks up the analyst 's papers and today asked them if that was acceptable.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The hairdresser hated the supervisor 's hair and never complimented them.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell them bread at a discount.	The baker
neutral	1	The designer hated the CEO and ignored them.	The designer
neutral	1	The cleaner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to their conversations.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the salesperson but instead made them angry.	The baker
neutral	1	The librarian wore silly hats in front of the driver and refused their requests to change.	The librarian
neutral	1	The receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned their trust.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The librarian loved to share books with the cook but stopped when they started stealing.	The librarian
neutral	1	The secretary never saw the guard and did not want their job.	The secretary
neutral	1	The baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed their visits.	The baker
neutral	1	The auditor came to the physician complaining about sores and got an exam from them.	The auditor
neutral	1	The cashier performed poorly for the manager and proved them right.	The cashier
neutral	1	The receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the analyst and told them to leave.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The clerk asked the mover to help carry the desk and thanked them.	The clerk
neutral	1	The housekeeper saw the construction worker waving and walked to them.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the CEO said so and appreciated their comments.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The librarian order a bookshelf from the laborer and they quickly completed the project.	The librarian
neutral	1	The hairdresser was fine with the farmer 's silence and cut their hair.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The cashier told the sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince them.	The cashier
neutral	1	The accountant never liked the supervisor and liked them less after being yelled at.	The accountant
neutral	1	The baker was afraid of the analyst 's report and dreaded talking to them.	The baker
neutral	1	The nurse carefully examined the guard and issued them a prognosis.	The nurse
neutral	1	The tailor talked to the manager and then asked them for a raise.	The tailor
neutral	1	The nurse offered to help the analyst and then provided them a pillow.	The nurse
neutral	1	The designer recognized the mechanic and then greeted them.	The designer
neutral	1	The hairdresser called the carpenter and then asked them for help.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The writer helped the supervisor and then asked them to return the favor.	The writer
neutral	1	The designer contacted the sheriff and then explained them the situation.	The designer
neutral	1	The nurse approached the manager and then helped them with a problem.	The nurse
neutral	1	The assistant called the sheriff and explained them the situation.	The assistant
neutral	1	The baker saluted the cook and then offered them some help.	The baker
neutral	1	The accountant talked to the mover and then offered them some help.	The accountant
neutral	1	The librarian showed a book to the analyst and then lent them something else.	The librarian
neutral	1	The attendant served water to the sheriff and then handed them a menu.	The attendant
neutral	1	The teacher greeted the laborer and started a conversation with them.	The teacher
neutral	1	The auditor issued a warning to the salesperson and then handed them a notice.	The auditor
neutral	1	The editor talked to the CEO and showed them a draft.	The editor
neutral	1	The counselor advised the janitor and provided them with useful resources.	The counselor
neutral	1	The baker approached the laborer and asked them about the weather.	The baker
neutral	1	The teacher drove the mover back home and paid them for the work.	The teacher
neutral	1	The auditor admonished the supervisor and issued them a warning.	The auditor
neutral	1	The editor met the developer and asked them for clarifications.	The editor
neutral	1	The librarian noticed the guard and greeted them.	The librarian
neutral	1	The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave them a ride home.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The secretary contacted the driver and asked them for a ride home.	The secretary
neutral	1	The assistant was fired by the supervisor and called them a jerk.	The assistant
neutral	1	The auditor approached the driver and solicited their help.	The auditor
neutral	1	The teacher explained the situation to the chief and felt understood by them.	The teacher
neutral	1	The writer went to see the physician and asked them about health issues.	The writer
neutral	1	The clerk replied to the sheriff and advised them to file the documentation soon.	The clerk
neutral	1	The tailor saw the mechanic and explained them the price.	The tailor
neutral	1	The cashier talked to the developer and then invited them to a cup of coffee.	The cashier
neutral	1	The editor contacted the physician and asked them for health advice.	The editor
neutral	1	The clerk handed a document to the farmer and explained to them the importance of prompt filing.	The clerk
neutral	1	The attendant talked to the mechanic and asked them to fix the car.	The attendant
neutral	1	The auditor contacted the mover and asked them about relocation.	The auditor
neutral	1	The designer contacted the chief and asked them for requirements for the new logo.	The designer
neutral	1	The secretary called the physician and told them about a new patient.	The secretary
neutral	1	The cashier saw the farmer and asked them to provide a signature.	The cashier
neutral	1	The tailor hired the salesperson and asked them to sell suits for the business.	The tailor
neutral	1	The librarian talked to the chief and recommended them a book.	The librarian
neutral	1	The accountant met the janitor and wished them well.	The accountant
neutral	1	The accountant met the janitor and wished them well.	The accountant
neutral	1	The assistant notified the the chief about a problem and asked them to take action.	The assistant
neutral	1	The teacher spoke to the carpenter and asked them to fix a chair.	The teacher
neutral	1	The assistant contacted the lawyer and retained them.	The assistant
neutral	1	The designer noticed the laborer and greeted them enthusiastically.	The designer
neutral	1	The clerk met the cook and asked them for advice on a recipe.	The clerk
neutral	1	The cashier gave back the check to the analyst and asked them to endorse it.	The cashier
neutral	1	The writer met the guard and signed an autograph for them.	The writer
neutral	1	The housekeeper contacted the lawyer and asked them for advice.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The accountant called the cook and asked them to prepare food for a party.	The accountant
neutral	1	The hairdresser styled the hair of the CEO and recommended them a hair gel.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The cleaner contacted the carpenter and asked them to fix a wood cabinet.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The counselor provided testimony to the lawyer and asked them to keep it confidential.	The counselor
neutral	1	The teacher provided requirements to the developer and asked them if those would be possible to implement.	The teacher
neutral	1	The housekeeper demanded a raise from the manager and they complied.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The editor met the mover and talked to them about relocation.	The editor
neutral	1	The clerk made eye contact with the lawyer and smiled at them.	The clerk
neutral	1	The editor greeted the farmer and asked them for the time.	The editor
neutral	1	The attendant served the analyst and made them feel welcomed.	The attendant
neutral	1	The baker charged the farmer more money and did not want to give them more bread.	The baker
neutral	1	The cashier never paid attention to the guard and asked them to go away.	The cashier
neutral	1	The receptionist needed help from the mover and asked them for help.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The accountant ignored the guard and never talked to them.	The accountant
neutral	1	The hairdresser always gave treats to the analyst and cut their hair wonderfully.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The editor liked the food from the cook and promised them to come back.	The editor
neutral	1	The clerk helped the construction worker and gave them lots of information.	The clerk
neutral	1	The designer met the construction worker and explained to them the design.	The designer
neutral	1	The editor stopped the driver and asked them for a ride.	The editor
neutral	1	The auditor was not lenient with the CEO and admonished them harshly.	The auditor
neutral	1	The cashier called the driver and asked them for a ride.	The cashier
neutral	1	The counselor saw the salesperson and advised them to relax.	The counselor
neutral	1	The tailor fixed the apron of the cook and they were very thankful.	The tailor
neutral	1	The teacher thanked the driver for the ride and promised them to pay later.	The teacher
neutral	1	The writer retained the lawyer and then explained them the situation.	The writer
neutral	1	The editor met with the manager and showed them the editorial.	The editor
neutral	1	The tailor delivered a new suit for the CEO and asked them to wear it.	The tailor
neutral	1	The librarian waved at the mechanic and walked away from them.	The librarian
neutral	1	The cleaner met the physician and asked them about medical care.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The cleaner was mean to the driver and forgot to thank them for the ride.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The assistant helped the carpenter and learned from them.	The assistant
neutral	1	The cleaner waved at the sheriff and walked towards them.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The housekeeper smiled at the supervisor and handed them a cup of tea.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The receptionist chatted with the manager and thanked them for their help.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The writer visited the mechanic and recommended them some books.	The writer
neutral	1	The housekeeper talked to the salesperson for a while and rejected their product.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The editor stopped the janitor and showed them newspaper every day.	The editor
neutral	1	The cleaner asked the lawyer some questions and then expressed admiration for them.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to give them a new haircut.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The librarian walked towards the construction worker and asked them to stop making noise.	The librarian
neutral	1	The attendant smiled at the driver and reminded them to pick the boss on time.	The attendant
neutral	1	The librarian talked to the carpenter and asked them to fix the table in the library.	The librarian
neutral	1	The counselor wanted to meet with the physician and ask them how to deal with the stomachache.	The counselor
neutral	1	The counselor owed the carpenter some money and worked very hard to pay their debt.	The counselor
neutral	1	The cashier followed the janitor and found out that they stole some money from the store.	The cashier
neutral	1	The accountant showed the sheriff some documents and wanted to convince them.	The accountant
neutral	1	The hairdresser asked the janitor some questions and gave them a new haircut.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The nurse talked to the janitor for a while and gave them a Christmas present.	The nurse
neutral	1	The nurse smiled at the salesperson and started to take their temperature.	The nurse
neutral	1	The hairdresser walked towards the sheriff and thanked them for catching the thief.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The counselor was unable to help the laborer and asked them to leave.	The counselor
neutral	1	The secretary asked the salesperson to leave and told them never come back.	The secretary
neutral	1	The receptionist blamed the supervisor for the mistake but could not express dissatisfaction with them.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The librarian greeted the mover and reminded them to be careful with books.	The librarian
neutral	1	The tailor visited the chief and helped them to adjust the pants.	The tailor
neutral	1	The counselor asked the guard a few questions and praised them for the good work.	The counselor
neutral	1	The receptionist helped the sheriff and they were very grateful for that.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The nurse called the mechanic and told them which medicine to take.	The nurse
neutral	1	The cleaner dislikes the cook because they made the kitchen very dirty.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The teacher visited the sheriff and asked them some questions.	The teacher
neutral	1	The cleaner understood the farmer and sent them some money.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The baker yelled at the mover and asked them to leave.	The baker
neutral	1	The receptionist recognized the developer and led them to the lobby.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The clerk works harder than the guard and gets more appreciation than them.	The clerk
neutral	1	The cashier talked to the construction worker and hoped to have the same salary as them.	The cashier
neutral	1	The receptionist recognized the driver and led them to the ceremony.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The attendant greeted the salesperson and introduced them to the boss.	The attendant
neutral	1	The receptionist told the cook the date of the ceremony and reminded them to wear suits.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The accountant called the lawyer to consult them about the book.	The accountant
neutral	1	The assistant talked to the manager and requested them to raise the salary.	The assistant
neutral	1	The writer visited the cook to learn cooking from them.	The writer
neutral	1	The tailor talked with the supervisor and was impressed by their hard work.	The tailor
neutral	1	The cashier complained something to the chief but they were not listening.	The cashier
neutral	1	The secretary talked to the chief and showed them thanks.	The secretary
neutral	1	The designer invited the supervisor to the party and they smiled.	The designer
neutral	1	The secretary shouted at the carpenter and drove them away.	The secretary
neutral	1	The secretary met with the lawyer and reminded them to check the email.	The secretary
neutral	1	The counselor walked towards the cook and thanked them for providing the dinner.	The counselor
neutral	1	The auditor smiled at the construction worker and handed them some water.	The auditor
neutral	1	The writer chatted with the analyst and expressed interest in their work.	The writer
neutral	1	The assistant helped the guard and told them to be careful next time.	The assistant
neutral	1	The attendant talked with the physician and was surprised about their knowledge.	The attendant
neutral	1	The accountant asked the laborer to join the meeting but they forgot.	The accountant
neutral	1	The editor chatted with the analyst and wanted to collaborate with them.	The editor
neutral	1	The receptionist talked to the salesperson and rejected their suggestion to buy the insurance.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The teacher met up with the supervisor and told them the concerns.	The teacher
neutral	1	The clerk called the physician and asked them about the medicine.	The clerk
neutral	1	The nurse thanked the chief and handed them a present.	The nurse
neutral	1	The accountant met the analyst and recommended them some job positions.	The accountant
neutral	1	The receptionist helped the construction worker and got a present from them.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The hairdresser visited the guard and thanked them.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The accountant walked towards the developer and gave them a cup of coffee.	The accountant
neutral	1	The counselor meets the manager regularly and provides them suggestions.	The counselor
neutral	1	The teacher called the lawyer to tell them the performance of the kid.	The teacher
neutral	1	The secretary walked towards the mechanic and told them what was the problem with the machine.	The secretary
neutral	1	The baker talked to the supervisor and learned a lot from them.	The baker
neutral	1	The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction and led them to the kitchen.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The counselor disliked the supervisor and wanted to leave their group.	The counselor
neutral	1	The writer contacted the CEO and asked for their opinions about the book.	The writer
neutral	1	The hairdresser hates the mechanic after they refused to help with fixing the car.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The cashier borrowed the tool from the carpenter but returned nothing to them.	The cashier
neutral	1	The auditor talked with the sheriff and wanted to hear their opinion.	The auditor
neutral	1	The baker wanted to thank the carpenter and made some bread for them.	The baker
neutral	1	The designer wanted to help the lawyer but they refused.	The designer
neutral	1	The accountant got angry with the mechanic and complained to the boss about them.	The accountant
neutral	1	The cashier sent the cook a present and expressed thanks to them.	The cashier
neutral	6	The laborer eats more than the cleaner because they work harder.	the cleaner
neutral	1	The teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent them a thankful card.	The teacher
neutral	1	The baker passed the box to the guard and asked them to make the delivery.	The baker
neutral	1	The tailor stopped the guard and showed them identification.	The tailor
neutral	1	The clerk asked the analyst some questions and sent them away.	The clerk
neutral	1	The nurse asked the lawyer about the case and thanked them.	The nurse
neutral	1	The housekeeper stopped the carpenter and helped them.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The housekeeper opened the door for the sheriff and waited for them to pass by.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The receptionist helped the physician find the room and left them alone.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The editor saw the lawyer in the restaurant and greeted them.	The editor
neutral	1	The writer bought some fruit from the farmer and paid them.	The writer
neutral	1	The librarian helped the sheriff find the book and smiled at them.	The librarian
neutral	1	The teacher talked to the salesperson and invited them to dinner.	The teacher
neutral	1	The baker packed the janitor some bread and waited for them to pay.	The baker
neutral	1	The nurse got the phone call from the cook and began to prepare the surgery for them.	The nurse
neutral	1	The housekeeper bought the product from the developer and asked them to set up.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The accountant asked the driver to stop at the corner and gave them some tips.	The accountant
neutral	1	The designer discussed with the manager for a long time but still refused to sell the idea to them.	The designer
neutral	1	The counselor not only explained to the mechanic economy terms and also wrote down some down for them.	The counselor
neutral	1	The cleaner knocked at the mechanic 's door and waited for them to show up.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The writer asked the mover to move everything to the new apartment and paid them.	The writer
neutral	1	The tailor showed the carpenter the tools and let them try.	The tailor
neutral	1	The assistant made a list of today 's schedule for the construction worker and showed them.	The assistant
neutral	1	The secretary greeted the supervisor and handed them the report.	The secretary
neutral	1	The receptionist was hired by the chief and will receive the payment from them.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The auditor called the janitor and asked them to clean up the hall.	The auditor
neutral	1	The tailor met the analyst at home and offered them a new design.	The tailor
neutral	1	The nurse met the sheriff at the scene and helped them with the accident.	The nurse
neutral	1	The receptionist waits for the janitor and drives them back every day.	The receptionist
neutral	1	The tailor called the mover and asked them to arrive before 9 am.	The tailor
neutral	1	The nurse gave the developer the prescription and told them not to worry.	The nurse
neutral	1	The baker handed the mechanic the cake and waited for them to pay.	The baker
neutral	1	The editor interviewed the salesperson and wrote an article about their company.	The editor
neutral	1	The counselor called the mover and asked them to start early.	The counselor
neutral	1	The cleaner stopped the supervisor and told them not to walk on that way.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The tailor called the lawyer and made an appointment with them.	The tailor
neutral	1	The secretary had a quarrel with the cook and threw a book to them.	The secretary
neutral	1	The secretary bought many products from the farmer and asked them for a discount.	The secretary
neutral	1	The assistant rescheduled the meeting for the farmer and told them to be well prepared.	The assistant
neutral	1	The attendant hit the supervisor by mistake and apologized to them.	The attendant
neutral	1	The librarian guided the manager to the bookshelf and asked what they needed.	The librarian
neutral	1	The nurse helped to send the mover to the hospital and kept comforting them.	The nurse
neutral	1	The attendant bought some fruit from the farmer and paid them by check.	The attendant
neutral	1	The counselor taught the developer how to write the patent and charged them 2,000 dollars.	The counselor
neutral	1	The accountant showed the bill to the physician and told them to pay that on time.	The accountant
neutral	1	The tailor offered the laborer a new suit and charged them nothing.	The tailor
neutral	1	The housekeeper woke the physician up and told them someone was calling for them.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The tailor finished the suit for the sheriff and called them.	The tailor
neutral	1	The designer stopped the driver and asked them to be careful in the Expo Location.	The designer
neutral	1	The baker packed the cake for the sheriff and waited for them to pay.	The baker
neutral	1	The clerk told the janitor to clean up the meeting room and thanked them.	The clerk
neutral	1	The attendant told the developer there was a meeting and provided them the location.	The attendant
neutral	1	The writer met the carpenter in the shopping mall and made an appointment with them.	The writer
neutral	1	The attendant loomed over the cake the cook prepared and gave them feedback.	The attendant
neutral	1	The housekeeper was paid by the analyst and did their housework.	The housekeeper
neutral	1	The attendant did not want to fight with the guard and gave them flowers.	The attendant
neutral	1	The librarian wrote the physician a nice note and repaid them with a book.	The librarian
neutral	1	The writer wrote the driver a note and even offered them relationship advice.	The writer
neutral	1	The designer tried to explain to the mover that nothing was wrong and even drew them a diagram.	The designer
neutral	1	The baker never wanted the driver 's help and beat them with a baguette.	The baker
neutral	1	The auditor was baffled at the carpenter 's lack of organization and warned them that the audit would not end well.	The auditor
neutral	1	The baker knew the developer was lying about the kitchen but made them bread anyways.	The baker
neutral	1	The auditor ignored the chief 's warning and put them out of mind.	The auditor
neutral	1	The teacher could not stand the CEO and purposefully failed their son.	The teacher
neutral	1	The hairdresser was clumsy around the physician and nearly cut them.	The hairdresser
neutral	1	The tailor thought the janitor could be good a sewing and encouraged them.	The tailor
neutral	1	The attendant could not understand the chief 's problem and reported them to the union.	The attendant
neutral	1	The attendant ignored the laborer and told them to get back to work.	The attendant
neutral	1	The editor ordered a table from the carpenter and asked them to deliver tomorrow.	The editor
neutral	1	The editor tricked the sheriff into believing everything was fine and published the story about them anyways.	The editor
neutral	1	The editor never respected the chief and gave them bad work.	The editor
neutral	1	The auditor knew the cook was dishonest and went to their kitchen after hours.	The auditor
neutral	1	The designer wanted to impress the salesperson but showed them a bad design.	The designer
neutral	1	The counselor anticipated the sheriff 's investigation and filed a complaint against them for mishandling evidence.	The counselor
neutral	1	The counselor called the analyst and asked them about the next appointment.	The counselor
neutral	1	The tailor waited for the physician and handed them a suit.	The tailor
neutral	1	The attendant was looking for the lawyer to ask them about the missing wallet.	The attendant
neutral	1	The attendant was patient with the janitor and listened to their story.	The attendant
neutral	1	The attendant thought the mover needed help and offered them a hand.	The attendant
neutral	1	The librarian delivered books to the farmer and encouraged them to read more.	The librarian
neutral	1	The assistant paid the driver and asked them to pay more attention.	The assistant
neutral	1	The cleaner waited for the chief and talked to them about the missed payment.	The cleaner
neutral	1	The teacher befriended the janitor and told them about school gossip.	The teacher
